======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 want and take us all home. I will give you the keys." 
"Do that as you please," said the prince, "and we cannot lose our children." 
When the princess heard this her mind was turned to the devil, and she set out all her power to help her, so she could not find her master unless she would have gone off to the forest. 
When the prince entered the castle the demons began to take possession of the castle. They also entered the castle in the shape of a devil; the castle was surrounded by a large castle as the castle was called. 
On entering the castle he found the demons standing there in front of him.
"Your majesty, you will take me, you king!" was a word drawn out of the devil who seemed to be quite frightened, but he was unable to tell any more. 
When the princess looked into the castle and recognized her master, she thought that he looked as if the devil had sent some of her own sons to torture the king. 
When the princess and the prince first entered the castle the devil's sons began murdering the princesses. He also threatened to kill every one of each one of his own sons with sword and axe. 
Suddenly the prince was greatly disturbed, and said to himself, "If the devil and his sons would have been so cunning and cruel towards one another, how will the princess and my father be?" 
And he answered the king, "You are a very cunning man, but not without a plan. Let us seek an easy way out that will bring our son to us." 
The prince went to his father and told him all his nonsense. But the prince felt very frightened; he found the castle surrounded by a castle of the devil. 
When the prince heard the word he asked him for a hundred thousand dollars and he gave it to him, and he told his story with his own tongue. 
He told his father all the fairy tales, but he had never heard any of the true ones, and he thought that had he known his own mother's story he should have never seen such a story. The prince sent a thousand dollars to the king's son, who went out to his father's castle. The prince's son gave him a thousand thousand dollars for himself. 
When the prince returned home he went around and saw all the castle walls and the beautiful hallways. The prince was very vexed, but could not find the prince, and after a short time the prince sent him back to his father. 
At last he was greatly disturbed, as all the servants he had summoned after his departure from his father came in one by one. They all started to weep and grieve him. 
When the prince asked his wife about his daughter her father would say, "My daughter had been killed at their service." 
They all ran and went from the castle. 
When the prince entered the castle the princess and her father went to ask him what the devil had done to her. The princess said that he had been going back home to the devil's castle for dinner and then began to torture her. 
When the prince returned home he went down to his master's castle, where he received his order again. He gave his sister the thousand dollars for herself, and then the prince gave one of his sons another dozen thousand dollars for himself. When the father returned his son to his father's castle he told the princess that he was an evil spirit, who had killed his own son. 
When the princess and her father saw the devil, they all ran to their parents and begged him not to kill them, but he told them all the tales that he had and told them that he was a wicked father. And when they saw the story he told them that he had ordered the execution of his son and then promised he would reward them for their evil ways. 
When the prince and his son heard this they all went and went to their parents and begged them not to kill their son. They all ran to their father and begged him not to. When they had gone home all the princes and their daughters went out to find what the devil has been doing.
Once they all entered the castle where the devil's brother and their parents were all sitting, they were quite astonished at what they had seen; they all looked very confused. Then some of the others all said, "The evil spirits have come again and they shall not come back." 
But as far as they could do no one would believe them and no one would want to believe the tale of evil spirits that had led them back to their fathers; so they all went back to their father and said, "We have no more questions to ask of you. You will go and search for your brother, your prince, and find him again as an excellent man; I am sure in my heart that you will go and look for the devil, and ask to be killed." 
There was
