======== SAMPLE 1 ========
?",
"I have a dream that I have a woman, and I want to
take her home with me and my wife, and I shall put
her under a spell. Why should I not?"
"You do not believe me," replied a woman.
"Oh, indeed," answered the man, "I believe it."
"Well," said Jack, "I shall believe you and have your wife."
The woman, however, thought her fear not, so she
did not say anything to him, and he
found out it was a fairy, and he said, "Tell me, what
kind of creature was this, and what did you see in the house? Why
do you hate my wife?"
"Your wife is a fairy," said the man. "I will say it
all right," he said, and went away into the woods.
At once the witch's daughter came to him, and told him that
she was a woman, and that her husband should not believe
her.
"Good day," said Jack, and went home to his wife and
wife-in-law.
He took the fairy, and saw a handsome old man with a great head on a
boat, who said, "Come, Jack! I shall tell you to my wife."
"Why," said the maiden. "My only wish is to say something
to say to her. If she hears what I can do for her, I will go over
it to her.
"Ah, do it quickly," replied Jack. "Listen to what I say about it
now."
"Ah! what a nice thing to have her," said the woman. "She never
would have thought that I would have such a strange dream.
She must have some strange dream or else you and I will not believe
it."
"What a great pity," said the wife. "I am the daughter of the
witch, you're sure?"
"Yes, yes," answered the man, and went over it to his horse.
"Oh, you will see it," said the maiden. "It is quite
natural for you to have strange dreams."
Jack
jumped over, saying, "This is my child's dream!"
"Yes, that is right," replied the man, and went over it.
"I do not believe it at all," said he, "and I will not believe it again
the next time."
"Well, then you have a dream about a dog," said the maiden. "I tell
you what."
"Well, how," said the man, "do I know to whom I must
believe it?"
"Yes! it is I who is to believe it and never fear any
another day!" answered the wife.
"Yes!" replied the man.
"Say it," replied the woman, and he went up on the boat and
said, "I will tell you to my husband."
"Good day!" said Jack. "Go away with me and my husband."
When it was time to leave, the man came out to the lake, saying to them
,"If you will go away, I'll get something for you and my wife."
The bride-toes said, "That is all right, he must stay by the water and
keep one of them."
"But if you go away," replied the man, "I'll get something
for you that will eat my things."
The bride-toes looked out through the window of the lake and saw that the
woman was there, and began to tell him his dream. When
the woman had gone away, he went to her and said, "Good day,
Jack!"
"Is it so?" replied the man.
"Yes, yes, that is true, it is true," replied the man, "it is
so true."
"What do you want, Jack?"
"I want something for my wife that eat our things. So go and get
them."
When the wife gave him the one piece of bread he ate, he went
to her and told her that she had to go to her and eat

all her things, and that if she didn't get the one piece she had a
dinner that would be a bit better than any he had.
That was the end of this adventure. Jack looked
away one last time, and then he went back home.
When he came back the woman went up to him and told him
that he must go to her and eat all her things and then
he would have something worse than any he
had. Jack went to her and told her how the
woman had brought a child and brought it to him,
and said, "You have a child, and you
believe that it will go to me."
"Good day," replied the
