======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, she was forced to come back from 
her ordeal. Her body was wrapped in silk, and the only thing that she had 
left were her own hands wrapped around her neck and the keys to her 
palace.
Once again, however, she fell asleep. And then her mother's spirit was 
drawn to her. She tried to find out how she had come to the island, but to no avail.  
Once again, she came upon a small island, a tiny island with a small 
landmark. She approached it and was stopped. This frightened the woman away.  
The stranger held her tightly and led her into a small forest, where he 
wanted the woman to find a place to sleep in the long dark night. Because 
the woods are too high for her, she told herself that she had to 
take it up with her son. And if he had not already put on this strange 
dress she could not have slept in it.  
Her mother, however, made her promise to allow her as much as she did 
before she was baptized, not even knowing the full meaning of the 
faith that she had just received.  
In the morning, when the woman had taken her place in the 
small forest, the stranger went into the forest, and went through the thickets.  
The woman found a little girl, very very beautiful, sitting next to her, and being 
as old as a year.  
He began to talk a little bit, but no sooner was he talking than the 
white man, who had become a beautiful lady, approached her, and took off her 
coffin's cap and gave him a long golden hair.  
When he came in, the girl said that she, too, would get the girl's ring 
and be able to marry him. "Well, then," the man said to her, "you 
have the old woman's golden hair."  
The girl felt very happy, and asked him what had become of his 
lost wife. The father, he explained, was a beggar-and-sinner. 
The young woman thought that she might have given up her 
hair and became a beggar.  
"This means that the old woman has brought me some money, and is 
ready to give you a daughter," the father said; "but, you can give me 
more of this money if you give it to me yourself." 
The woman's father wanted to go somewhere, but there was no chance 
of being able to tell her where she was going to meet her 
husband, and the woman was so fearful that she did not 
answer him.  
"My dear little sister, you are a lovely lady!" she cried, "but please give me 
more money!" and the old woman felt so sad that she did not even 
answer her. This made her feel very bad, and she did not speak, only sat 
down and cried until a young girl was sitting beside her, and when 
the old woman spoke, she made the young woman feel very sad.  
The girl, who was just beginning to speak, gave her a warm welcome, and 
said to her, "Good!" and went back into the forest. "Where should I go 
be? Tomorrow I must go to the market, and tell the 
people I am coming."  
The old woman, however, had no time to ask anyone to go there, and the old 
girl did not go at all. At least she could go with the old man and 
the old woman to the marketplace, and ask the people to 
buy the ring. The old woman was very sorry and so did everyone else, and 
said to her, "Do not be anxious, your precious daughter. Bring 
in the money as best you can, and you will find the ring you must 
have."  
The old woman then took away the old man's ring, and when he was 
out of sight, she told her how she had been tied to his 
helmet. Then the old woman felt very sad.  
Then the woman asked, "Am I really to marry a poor old woman?"  She 
could not be so bold as to marry anybody who knew the 
old woman's name. "Is she in the market?" the old woman said. 
"Yes, she is, she is very beautiful; but, is she the daughter 
of a beautiful lady who had such tender hands?"  
But she would not answer. The old woman did not want to 
answer her, but said, "I know her very well, but I 
would
