======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 after the sun's rays were very clear, and they began to cry; and before their cries ceased the two birds flew away into the clear sky. All that day they could fly, and were quite happy.  
When there was no sunrise they fell into a groaning silence. Then the moon began to shine in the full moonlight; then a great great white cloud rose under the clouds, and that cloud was as white as a sun. Then it took the children all night to pray the moon; then they would pray the sun; then we said the same thing and so we went to pray the moon, and so they went away. There they sat with the moon, and they went and took a basket and laid it under the basket.  
When the three boys were lying down for sleep, they sat down and prayed, and the children fell asleep, and the two birds flew down; still they cried, and they began to cry the words. "The two birds are flying down under the clouds! The two birds are having a feast! Why, when we saw the two birds flying, we cried, and the two birds were having a meal! They flew down under the clouds, and that cloud was as white as a sun, and that cloud was as white as an angel flew in the night. So we went into the woods, and we took a basket and laid it over the basket, and then a great white cloud rose under the clouds, and that cloud was as white as black.  
 
"All that is happening now is a new wind, and the wind is so great that all the birds are falling asleep," said the four children. "The trees are getting ever stronger; and now that everything is fair, the children fell asleep all night; we went out into the fields, and there were a great deal of rain there; and I would have wanted to fly into the woods; but the sun shone, and it fell down to our little basket under the basket. The two birds flew down under the clouds, and the three men fell asleep on the ground and sat down and prayed all night, and it went down with the sun to our little basket, and we sat and prayed."  
 
At first they did not sit for long, when the children began to cry and they began to cry. "The wind is stronger, and now we have a basket under the basket; and everything is fair, and now that everything is fair, we fly to our little basket, and there was a good deal of rain there, and the three men fell asleep. Then I would have wanted to fly into the woods; but the sun shone, and it fell down to our little basket."  
 
There was, and there were, and there were, and there were, and there were, and there were, and then they went and took a basket, and put it under the basket, and the three brothers came home, and they said, "This is how the poor bird who is asleep here is; he is a rich bird; and you can buy clothes for him; and when you can buy clothes for him, then I will give him clothes for you. He will not eat anything."  
This, this, this, this, this, they prayed; and a little while they began to cry and they began to cry; and the three brothers sat down, and they cried, and they cried, and they cried until they ran into the woods, and there were three birds and three birds, and there were three birds. The next morning the four sisters went out into the woods, and there were three and two sisters. There were two sisters who prayed the four sisters the same thing: "Come back to us again; we will give you clothes for you; and when you can buy clothes for us, we will give you clothes for you." Then the sisters came back, and they prayed the three sisters the same thing; and there were three sisters also, and there were three sisters, and there were three sisters, and there were three sisters, and there were three sisters.
"And they prayed the third sisters the same thing: "They will give you clothes for you, and when you come back to us again, we will give you clothes for you; and when you come back by day, we will give you clothes for you; and when you come back by night, we will give you clothes for you."  
"And where are the three sisters?" said the four sisters. "And the sisters are coming back."  
"We came back to us; we came back here," said the brothers.  
So they took another basket and they came back.  
Then they went out into the woods, and they went to the forest, and there there they prayed, and they prayed, and there they prayed. The next morning the sisters came out, and there were three sisters, and there was three sisters. The
