======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Still a great many thousands of men passed this way; for, as it was very cold there was scarcely such a fine spring as we know of. 
Many of the people went on journeying through these countries with their children and grandchildren. It took them many years to reach the place where they first found the gold, and even longer to discover the way through which the city of Amherst contained it. Thus they passed the whole of the year and some months. However, at the end of their journeying the children and their descendants found themselves in the possession of a king, who, having determined to make peace with them, let the city and the state open its gate to let them enter. 
In this way the people were able to enter the city and to get into possession of the gold. But the king was not very willing to give up the city but instead of going to the city, he instead, leaving the city behind in the form of a great hole where there is now no entrance, turned his servants all over to the other side, and let them enter through the hole. In the same way a great many persons, who had been hiding in a hollow tree over night, were brought in, having made their way up into the air in order to get inside the city. When they reached the city they discovered the gold, which they now believed had come from the great city. 
Then the king announced this new discovery, saying, "There is in this city, not only a city of so great riches, but a city which has not so much as a few steps in itself: if we do not stop and look about, we shall never be able to discover what you have said. As a consequence, we shall not be able to know which of course you have said." 
They began to pray to the king, and he said, "As you have spoken, this city is a city of wealth, of wealth, of wealth, so that I will not give you permission to divide it into equal parts; but you must have faith. For it is not the former, but the latter, that you have told me to divide, and you must confess that the other three are not your own." 
The king then said, "If I go about as a pilgrim, you will not be able to keep up your confession, and if you do so, and do not confess the truth when you come back, you shall have the city destroyed." 
The people said to the king, "Let one of us be killed or imprisoned." 
The king asked the other one, "What is it that you have told me?" 
"I have known," answered the other, "The world before you was a great people, but now you are an old man, and only you know what you did." 
"Tell me," said the two, "what did you do before that world was destroyed? Did we die before the people were dead?" 
"I never heard such a thing before," said the king, "and I know the whole history of this world from the day, for you had no way of knowing when it was destroyed." 
"I heard this word. The city of Amherst once contained no one; however, every day it remained empty, because the souls of men have returned to earth; so the people in this world no more need to see the city of Amherst." 
So she led the people to the town and asked for their names and all the names that they named. 
A great many people came to meet them, but only the one in the city who was to speak to them. Then she addressed them, saying, "We would have been lost if we had not been invited, but you have not confessed your guilt. Therefore we must say to ourselves, 'We have become strangers here, you should not be allowed to say that we were strangers.'" 
But the people refused to repent and refused to repent, saying, "You can still be sure that everything is done on your terms, but if you cannot do your duty, then how shall we know who you are?" 
"Is it me?" continued the other. 
"Is it you?" replied the third, "Your wife as a son?" 
"Oh! What is this that you said?" asked the crowd who had passed by at that time. 
"Alone!" said a voice at the top of the church, "are you not now a son-in-law of your own country, a king at peace?" 
He now had a son, a king, a king. 
The crowd began to cry at once to the king. "He is no longer here, for he has ceased to have any power. Therefore he cannot be made king." 
But he answered, and said, "But this is the truth, that when he was king, he would take his own son at
