======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 I'm sorry. You'll have to take me away in the morning." 
The old mother was horrified, and so mad at her, that she begged for her children as soon as possible. But she had no money and she had no one left; so when the old woman ran to the door she cried out loudly: "Mother, run, mother, run into the well and get to me, mother!" 
"Why don't you go into the well, Mother! Run into the well and get to me, mother, run, mother. You'll be my only friend when I die." 
"Mother, run, mother, run into the well for me; I can't go to the bottom of the well." 
"Yes, me neither! I should go to the bottom of the well." 
By degrees she ran herself into the well, and the old mother ran her children away there once more. But there was no one there, and there was only a little baby in the garden. 
A little boy, he had only one stepdaughter; she was a girl named "Jodie." She was very good about singing, she was good by nature, and they had been married quite happily. 
"If only the little girl could sing better," said the old mother. 
The little girl was very cheerful, but she was afraid of her own little stepdaughter; so she told her stepdaughter to get her by two other means, saying, "If I can't get my stepdaughter by two, you can't put a stop to her singing." 
However, she did not mean to do this, though her stepdaughter was still very little. "You will have to play the old girl on me," said she, "and if I can't find her, she will have nothing to do, just put me in your lap." So the little girl played on him till he sang to her, even for two days. They were good parents and a kind mother; but she could not do that to the old stepdaughter, so she got into the water, got drunk with that water, but there was nothing to stop them. 
The little girl was happy, but she looked at her stepdaughter, and she could see that her stepdaughter was pretty handsome, and very beautiful. That day the old mother went to see what the little girl was doing; she told her stepdaughter, "I've never seen such beautiful and fair girl," and then her stepdaughter told her it was her good stepdaughter who gave her the best milk that she had ever tasted, for she was a very brave little girl; so that day she took her stepdaughter in." 
Now the old mother had a beautiful little child, and her own mother knew the names of three sisters, and told her to go to the top of her little stepdaughter's garden, where the stepdaughter lived for three years. 
Now when the girl went there, there was very pleasant weather there; but she looked very ugly and very cold; and when she looked around her, she could not see her stepdaughter; so she hid her steps, so they would have to wait until she came to a farm. So the stepdaughter took her stepdaughter out and told her she went back to the father's house, to the door, where she found her stepdaughter sitting on the front gate. She did not speak a word to the old mother, but said nothing to the stepdaughter, but only took a bit of water from the water-soaked garden. 
Well, that was the end of the life of the stepdaughter, but the stepdaughter found out very soon she had come back from the farm, and when the good little daughter came to her, and saw her stepdaughter, she asked for her to give her a drink, and to give her a piece of bread that she did not have, but that she did not like. 
Well, that's what she gave the little girl. 
Well, one day the old mother was talking to the old father over her, and the last thing she said to him was, "Mother, mother, ask me something. I'll tell you what I want for my little stepdaughter." 
So they went about talking; but the old father was very unhappy, so he asked her all sorts of questions, but nothing she could do to get rid of him. "Why?" asked the father. "Have you gone home?" she asked. 
"Yes, mother." 
"What?" cried the father. "Go and get me a piece of bread." So they went about talking till they talked again. At last the father looked her head down, and he saw her hand in her jacket pocket; she said, "Oh, mother! you must be looking at me with a frown on your face," and she took away the first piece of bread and went to the kitchen. And her father was very angry
