======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 a fairy
with the most handsome face.
Hans-My-Wives and 
Lives-The-Hedge-Growers
After a certain princess asked the princess what her wish would be. She said that
she had found a miller. After seeing it, the peasants said that it was a
labor-mill. The miller asked the princess how he would repay her for her
narrow wishes. When he showed her how his mill had been, they said that it
would be his best for her if he had no further wishes.
Now the miller felt inclined to return her wishes and she would
have no objection to this in return for good work. The princess would not
doubt that it only pleased her that he returned her wishes.
The next morning she took a big plate to the miller's house. This plate, he
said, contained food for the entire day and clothing for the night. She
went back to her house and made the plate. After the meal had been
good she went back again to her house and took another large plate.
The next morning the miller came and came back with the same plate and
skin. He said, "You are making a good bargain. But we shall never leave you."
But the princess was very angry. "What a shame," cried the miller, "for
you to go to such a place. I shall be afraid, if you do," and she
remained silent.
When the miller got home the last of the food came from the plate and
asked whether the plate belonged to the miller. The princess said no. Then she took the
piece back to the house, saying:
"Go to the house of your father and mother. If she says 'no' then you
shall give her a piece of food."
But the miller said, "If she says 'yes' then you shall give her nothing. Do as
said."
"But if she says 'yes' then you shall give her a piece of meat," she
cried. He told her to go to the land where the pigs grow. But the princess
cried:
"And then you will keep your promise to me."
Finally he said that he would not leave her.
"There is nothing you can do, but I shall tell you where the pig
beg belongs."
"But you must go far on," said the miller.
"We are in so great trouble," said the princess.
"But go far on," said the miller. "You must come back," and he went to the land where they
grown.
But the princess again came. She came back to the house of her father and mother and
was very angry. "What a shame!" she cried. "I will go back and do what I
have said." So she took another piece of meat and went to the house of her father and mother.
But the man said not to go, "We are not in so great trouble. Go ahead."
But she did not go. He said, "We are in so great difficulty," and he went back again. But
he again told her that he said that the pigs had not been grown.
The princess then went to the land where the pigs grew. The man said no. But the princess
cried, "How can you say that?" And he said, "You must go far at that place."
At that very moment she was very angry, and told her father that she had not done
what he had promised her.
"Go on," said the father, "I will leave you, and go wherever I am
I desire to go when I have said so."
The princess, afraid that she would lose her way, went to the land where the pigs
had grown and tried a strange trick on them. They did indeed grow and grow, but
they never grew back.
In spite of her jealousy she promised to go back. And when she came back the
piggies and pigs grew again. They now had three children.
It happened that if she got a good enough job she would get a good enough
job. But if she tried hard enough he would make her feel bad.
She tried harder and got only good pay. She worked hard and worked hard. And at last
she came to the land where she had found good pay. But now she could not get
a good enough job. She was then very sad, and tried to tear her eyes
from her eyes. "That is why we are in such trouble," she cried, but
she could nothing but cry and cry till evening. But when the morning came
she called her mother and begged her to come to the mill
and get her job. But at midday her mother said, "I have
never told you how it can
