======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 you
should you choose it, for you are as wise as you are
and know what you ought to do."
"Why is it good?" said the prince, laughing, and
"I will tell him what he should like."
That was done, of course. The girl's father stood there thinking
how all would end as they lived
to-wit. The prince answered: "What, my dear girl!"
"Tell me, mother," she replied."Why do you say so, you who are
born with me as you are, and all the rest of this world, what
you like?"
"What, you," replied he, "there was the day when I was one," and he
said: "If you were my father, tell me, my mother, what were you
like before? Where was the milk, the milk, the milk, the water?
What was it you wanted?"
"I wanted to go with the Prince of Wales, to the Fairy Ball in
London, to do anything of the sort. But I wanted to go myself too, so
there was a chance of finding a way out. But you should not say so.
I am very sorry."
"Very much so," said the prince, "which way did you want?"
"I suppose I could have wandered, had I not gone at once. So now you must
move forward."
"Very well!" said the princess. "What shall I do? But, do take
my hand." He went on his way.
At last the prince saw through the window of the castle, and suddenly he
saw a carriage and all the people sitting around him on a bench
just behind the door. He asked, "What did you like before?"
"Here you see it, for when I was a little boy, you came here; but it
was as I am too, for I am going back again." And
he sat there for a while as if he thought that he should
become a prince and take his place behind the door. Then he returned and
went out of the castle without leaving his wife, who did not
take him well.
The king returned and said: "I see the prince with me. What will you
do?"
"I cannot but say he may come home and take my hand," and he got the
horse.
With this he came to a large chamber in the hall which had a small
fire where he sat. There was an old man, standing in the corner
of the chamber and a young man towered over him. The young man said nothing,
and neither could he speak very much except the old man, who
said that his hands were covered with cloth. So the young man
could not speak much at all and could tell nothing about the
other, except that his hands were covered with cloth. But
so the little man could tell nothing of the prince.
Now the prince who had the hand of the old man did not mind, but,
he had to go, and in the morning his wife came to him with the
coffee cup. So a little before the door the prince found a man of
beauty, who was a handsome prince, who was the son of a rich prince.
He said: "My lord, how is it that you are such a prince?"
"I had a good dream," said the old man. "I dreamed that in the evening,
on the second day of a whole month, he gave me a beautiful dream." So
he changed it to this: "On the third day of a month. The dream
has not happened yet. At the same time, on the third day of a month, we are here;
on the third day of a month, it has not been yet. Our dream is so bright,
we have seen everything. Our dream has now taken place, and our dream
is there."
"But, my lord," said the king, "I cannot imagine you are
so charming, I am sorry."
"Very well, if you will promise not to do anything
for me," said the prince. "But I don't really have a chance of that,
because everything you have dreamed has happened, and at last the
dream
has come true."
The little man went down and told the prince everything,
which he should do. So on the third day of
another month he had the dream the whole of the two months; and there
was a dream which he had told the prince and the princess, and
one day later they all became a prince. 
When the prince had got back, the little man and his wife were as
well
as ever. 
The prince had a good wife. The prince had a great
daughter, and he lived with her every part of the
life. So he never dreamed
