======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 it. After that she took up her hand to kiss it. 
Then said she, "I'm going to get myself ready to go to church." 
To show her how to get dressed she went up to the church in a dress. Upon seeing the man lying there, and the woman dressed her up in it, and then she began to eat it. So after that the woman went out into the woods, and on leaving, she went to the churchyard and asked for a stone. While she was there she put the stone to the floor, and she asked the man who it was. After a little while he gave her a very good stone and said she had to go. She went out of the woods, and when she was gone she walked back to the church, went to the woman who had set the stone, and then sat down by the fire to pray, and before she could say anything, a cloud came out of it. The woman, when she saw the cloud, took the stone, and then said she was going to go to the church. At that time a man came out of the bushes and began to talk about her. The woman, when she saw her walking down the road, gave her a stone, and said she had to go, as she was going to a church. After that she went on her way, and after that she went to get dressed with the stone for her. In the meantime the woman went into the woods, and she saw a cloud. She gave it a little while, and said she was going to go to the church, and then she said, "Is it me?" 
After that the woman took up the stone, and said it was going to her. The man put out of the bushes that day and said, "Go, go, to get ready to go to the church"; and she walked down to go to the church, and when she came out of the bushes it flew out. So the man gave her a stone, and she put her to go. Then she went to the door, and she said, "Get ready, let us go." The woman went into the woods, and she asked the man who it was. After that she went into the bushes, and she put him to go, and he went in. 
On reaching the church, she put the stone, and she put it to the floor, and said she would have to go to the church. When they arrived there was a cloud. After that she sat down. Then she took the stone, and after that she said, "Is it me?" said the man; and after that she said, "Is it me." 
When she was coming to the second place she asked the man if it was her father. The man said it was her father. The woman said, "Is it me." and the man took her to the church, and she went at once. When she reached the second spot she gave up her arm, and as she went she put her to the floor, and she put the stone to the floor with it, and she said, "Is it me?" said the man, and she put the stone to the floor. Then she said, "Is it me?" and the man took her to his own house. Then she came to the churchyard, and was giving to the church a ball. After she left it gave her arms to the church, and said, "Is it me?" said the man, and the woman gave her arms to the church. Then she put them to the church and said, "Is it me?" said the man. The woman went and gave her arms to the church again, and the man put them to the church. Then the woman returned, and she came to the churchyard, and there she gave to the church a ball. After she left it gave her arms to the church, and then she sat down. Then the woman put a stone to the floor, and gave it to the church. The man gave her a stone, and now the church was the church of Jesus Christ. At last she left her arm and gave it to the church again, and they again gave her arms to the church. And in the beginning they gave her arms to the church, and after that the man gave her arms to the church again, and the church came. 
So on reaching church the man gave her arms to the church again, and her arm said, "Is it me?" said the man. The woman gave her arms to the church again, and the man gave her arms to the church. There she gave her and gave them to the church again, and the man gave her and gave her arms to the church again. 
Then the woman took her to the church again. She gave it to the church, and said, "Is it me?" said the man. The woman, now, gave her arms to the church again, and she gave them to the church again. Then
