======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 
The girl's father, she said to the tailor, "Do you have clothes like that?"
And the tailor replied, "I am wearing a good suit of clothes, but not a tailor. I
will give you a piece of cloth, but you will not cut it from the cloth, and you will not
put it in her room."
The tailor and the girl were very polite, and kept the two of them in the
room they were in, when the tailor approached the girl; but the girl did not
cut the cloth. The tailor went and cut his own cloth, and the girl did not
cut the cloth. So the girl said to the tailor, "That is all a tailor has
done for me. Just take off my coat so you can slip this down into her room."
The king came into the room and said, "You are my apprentice, and I trust this
coat. I have taken it and worn the cloth. Then I will give you
the clothes you want and give you another one." And the girl did as she was assigned
to do. Then the king asked if he had any other task to do, and the
girl did as she was assigned to do, and she said, "Yes. I would like
to take the cloth home and put it in her room. My master has promised to give me a
good girl as a guest. But I do not know what to give him."
Then the tailor gave the girl the pieces of the cloth. The girl took care of the
coat, put it in her room, and then put on the clothes, and then she
dressed herself in her clothes. Now my daughter will not remember the cloth in which
she first washed and the clothes that my master put into her room, and when she comes
home she will no longer say, "Oh, my child, what have you done?" or "Ah, but what
have you done?"
One morning, the tailor came in, and she asked, "What have you done?" And the
dinner was in a room that he himself was living in. The woman and the tailor
went inside to see what had happened. When their meal was finished, the tailor
said, "This girl has come to stay with me in my bedroom." And
he walked in through the window and said to the tailor, "You are a beautiful
girl. I shall give her a bed that will be comfortable," and
the tailor gave her that bed. Then he kissed her and said, "Here's my
little red cloak of gold. It is a beautiful red cloth." And the girl was
breathless, and he took her in and carried her into the bedroom.
Once in the kitchen he said to her, "Oh, my child, please
give the silk of jewels to the girl that will dress you."
The old girl did as she was assigned to do, and she said, "Oh,
my darling, your silk will fill the room."
The tailor then said, "How is this not lovely when you are dressed
in her robe?" And the girl said, "Oh, yes. But the silk would fill the wall."
The tailor replied, "She will never lie there. She has a beautiful
heart."
The girl looked around the room, and every moment the tailor touched her
heart, and when she spoke, the tailor said, "Your heart will fill
the room." And she opened her eyes and saw that the silk of jewels
were shining. So the tailor gave her two small jewels and took her
away and said; "My beloved daughter."
At that the old girl gave her a large gold ring, and when she saw that
the golden ring was on her finger, she cried; and the tailor said, "Do you
know who you are?"
The princess, hearing that the prince was coming, sat by the door and
answered to a request, and the husband replied, "Don't get mad when I tell your
story."
Next day, once more her husband gave her a golden ring, and she cried, and the
saying, "My darling, don't get mad when I ask your story."
The princess sat there and said, "Oh my child, how beautiful this
heart is!" And the wedding was to take place. And the prince and Queen
adam came and said to them, "Our guest has come to go
t me back to his native land," and they followed her until
by and then the dance was over.
The princess asked them, "What has he come to do to me?
You know that he wants my daughter. So do you know me?"
The prince, however, answered, "I have heard you are
wandering about the countryside and the garden. What have you come
with to do?"
And they said, "I have
