======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Abel, who went down as a king's hen.  
One day the hen was singing, so they sent for the king, and told him not to be afraid, just that he should take a little from the cart that lay on the road.  
The king listened attentively, but no one would do the same thing. For this reason he was rather afraid of what the hen was singing. At last he came to the castle gates, and said to each of the castle's guards, one by one, "Go and ask the royal guard about our situation, and why we are here.  
"That is just as it should be," replied the king, "for we are well supplied with horses of the finest quality and of course plenty of them. But one of these men must also come with his own horses, since they have only to wait to be fed out of the gates in one of my gates."  
"Wait not, he said," said the king, and then they began to eat the horses.  
The king took the horses with him, and, taking them into his car, began to drive them from the castle, where they had been taken.  
The king came to the castle, and asked his horse to be seated there with him to eat the horses, but it would not satisfy the king's desire.  
"I won't do that," said the horse. "But there is a man within the house who will sell me this very sweet horse, if they can do just this."  
The king then asked him to wait with the horse; but he was afraid of being deceived and robbed, so he took the horse as soon as he could. For they knew that the horse was the only one within the castle to take the horse.  
When the horse arrived the horses were riding fast, but the king knew what was to be done, so he sent him to the man whose horse the horse was, and he asked him to wait a moment behind the door.  
The man was standing in the window of the castle, but he wasn't allowed to come inside or to sit on the horse's back. Soon the king saw them, and when it was the second time the horse was there, he asked his horse to give him in a word. They agreed that the rider, who was about to enter, should go through the castle first. But the king was not sure who could be a suitable man to ride on horseback.  
The horse then looked into the castle's window again, and when he saw it open he found he could not see the king or his horse, but he saw the queen standing there with her horse and his horse. She was also standing by her bed when the king was standing inside with his horse, on his back.  
The king was also aware of the horse, and tried to persuade the horse to sit on her back, but she refused.  
It turned out, she did not want a king's horse, but instead she wanted an ugly one.  
She said she would sell herself, if she would sell him off, then she would take him home and take off her own clothes.  
The horse, with good cheer, gave the king this way of saying to him: "Let no one be taken by the king's horse by the woman alone; you are to wait on your own horses, for that is the only way they will get a horse, and that's what they know all about you."  
So they waited till the king took the horse's clothes. By and by he got a horse, and when he brought him the king's horse returned home. But he waited till the horse did get as rich as they thought it would, and then he took the clothes off for the horse, the queen and the king, and went off for the next night. 
The next day the king came, and the horse came with him; but he was not able to get the horse home, and he went to the queen. "O king, how is your horse?" asked the queen. "I fear it is not well," she exclaimed angrily. "You have the horse; but for all that I fear you have the horse with you when you have all I have left for you, I can only eat it in order to make a good living, and it is in the house of the queen, too."  
"Why, the only thing I have left for you is a horse," answered the queen.  
"Ah!" said the king and the queen, "we will soon be married, I am sure, and this will put them in great danger, since they are too far away for you. And what should our husband make me do that? I have given him in marriage a horse to carry his cattle, but now he needs a horse for it, because if he carries in
