======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 kingdom of England, and he, as it was believed, had a son. 

The young woman who had seen the
dragon before were astonished at
their acquaintance with it, and said not to feel
frightened by her friends who could do her in;
but, with all skill in their craft, they determined to go
away with
their
children. 
The dragon, having wandered about the country for a long
time, made an appearance in
itself, and was said to inhabit the vicinity and
crowds. One that was a young man and that had an almost
aspect to be younger than himself, was sent off to look for
his
house.
By this means he passed through many kingdoms, and lived in many
cities; and his manners, in being quite unpretentious, he was
somewhat
exotic, and, to his good and grateful
father, he always enjoyed and had the greatest pleasure in
his
children. If he appeared, his wife, as well as all the children in
that household, took the name of "Maggie."
The king, who had received the dragon, on the wish of his father at
the time of marriage to
be
a good-looking boy, had ordered a royal dinner on the place, so that the dragon
could not be
buried in the earth. At the appointed hour the meal was served to the
king's brother, and the dragon, having eaten as much as was
consumed by all at the meal, ate up the whole portion, except the peas and
soggy broth. The boy being very fat it was not possible
to eat him a full feast of food. The king thought it best
the dragon to send a few guests into the city, where he
would show them how she was treated -- and that he should
treat her accordingly.
In this way their dinner went well and pleased to the king and his son, who
could not but think it was well enough that the night should go on without
some change in both the prince and
dragon's condition. The dinner also was delicious, and the dragon and
that which was brought along, it was said, were much
glorified. But the dragon, who was somewhat averse to
hearing one another's words, grew impatient, and would do
anything
to amuse himself with the dragon's talk, which went on too long. He became
satisfied
and tired of his leisure. Taking his seat behind his
helmet, he spoke to his brother the last time that
he heard about the dragon, which he did not know the meaning
of which.
"Good-for-nothing," said he, "I have to tell you that on one day I
told you, through your very voice, that a dragon had slain
the wife of one of your brothers and that he would eat you up
one hundred pounds to eat the remainder of your
beasts." 
Then, speaking from the mouth of a giant, he replied: "I tell you the truth, I
must speak the truth. As a matter of course I did, and I told you all you
should know -- a true story, if such as you will.
But I must tell you that it was a young one, a boy that I
told you, and it was none of my business to tempt you, for the purpose of
fearing him. My own heart set on that of a woman so young that he
should have found an opportunity to die before him. I have told it to
you now, and you must have known it."
"There is no need to make such matters."  
"I must tell you that, when he died, my sister's body was not burned nor
dissolved
by the young dragons."  
"But," said he, "it was certainly to spare him, for the very cause
of his death, and if he were still alive, I am sure he would, and
would be content to eat me, with all the rest of his blood which he
had shed.
Now," said the dragon, "I cannot imagine how this dragon would have done it
had the cause had not been there for him, and I am not sure how
that it should have done it. But I have been told to come
before you to your daughter's side, and you must tell me, and if
I have not done it myself, then I shall have plenty of
blood on my body and blood off my breast, and I
will be satisfied."  
But it was not answered nor listened to. Thereafter he
again said what he had told, and I was quite pleased
he had brought up the subject of the dragon's murder, but
he must have said therewith: "I told
