======== SAMPLE 1 ========

she had, I think, a great
firmwits for that. Now I see how much the housewife and
other ladies had the time to see everything she wanted,
and what they wanted so.
They did come in with their own children on a feast day and
did say nothing besides:
 
Gleich, gleuch.
And again this time the youngest asked "What are you
not to do, but you have good news to carry?"
"Well, it is as good as all the news to my wife she,"
says the eldest daughter. "We should go as merry as
all the children with the dinner, or at least we could give
more food to each other than
the rest."
"What shall we do," says the youngest one. "When we can
not bring ourselves to go, I am going to take them to the door to have
some supper with them."
And she went, and she found the door opened so that if the second
child wanted to enter, he might get in. And when the second wanted
to enter she left the door, but a young girl took
him in, and they soon made a merry dance.
"Gee," says the fourth, "how much better the housewife and
the other ladies were to look at everything they wanted than they could look
at nothing."
"I wish it might be that she had left the house," she said. 
"Of course," says the fourth, "I had no sooner seen
her house than she had left the house." 
In a minute she called for a stool up to the second son's feet,
and they were so grateful that they began to laugh, but the little
little cat still did not know what to do with it.
Once a time one of the servants and his wife came to see
them; and she went out and saw them, and they laughed, but one
said no.
"What shall be the use of this," she said to the sixth son, "if I
can't go away?"
"No, do not leave your mistress here," says he, "I will show my
friend the money.
The third one is now going for a ride."
Again they laughed, but she kept on, and the same
with the youngest daughter. But the first one laughed even harder,
but she kept on, and on all the terms they
said the seventh one was only thinking: "Well, I am going
to leave you, and I are going to give you my
money, but it won't be long before you get angry!"
"I hope to the right of what you want," says the seventh one; "so
you might know what I am thinking."
It was still the last time he laughed, and there was so much
rage about it that the other two children were
not so much pleased. And so they laughed, but the little cat still could
see that she did not want to be left, and the little cat
turned her back again to the old woman, so she got her food and
her child came in for a ride.
She told the sixth one of her fears, "Give us one good
morning, or else I will get into a long-drawn carriage." 
"What the devil is in there?" says the sixth. "Why, I am the
last of the people," says the cat. "But I have another daughter, and she
looks at me as happy as I should have. Then I will give her a
pumpkin and two pails, and I won't make the whole thing up."
"Oh," says the sixth, "would she not wish as much as she is going,
and I will be able to make sure she does not want any more."
"What kind of a hush," says the seventh one.
"Will take it!" says the sixth. "How much was that for?"
"You have a good time," she says. "All the people that have
come into town have got food and food, and they are all
sitting in the house, and I can always see all the
lots."
Now they felt so happy, and they did it. And when one of
them was in the carriage for some time it asked "Do what
you
want?" and he said, "Tell me what you are feeling."
He got into the carriage again, and they followed him
and so far as they could, and they saw they did not
find a man. And so they went on till they came to the house
of
four. And they were so much pleased that the dog kept
watching them. Then they put him in the carriage, and
and he ran after them, and they got them some bread
and milk. And they
