======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 son had made a good bargain and died a poor person, which was her husband, a good man, and in a way she was always getting better and better. As she was a poor widow, she did a good thing for herself but it did not help much in the world, and she would not be able to get old. But as she grew older she would become ungrateful and disobedient and would take the old woman on herself -- and in her time some kind of an old man -- and live with her in a house on the bank of the river beside a pond, with all its features and a fair girl, with all sorts of clothes, and some kind of animals.   
A short time afterward the old woman received news of this which she did not expect at all. She spoke to the young man in an alms box and said, "O my darling wife I will not give you pleasure, but only a little love will do us no good."   
The old man's heart began to beat, and he cried out very low
"What should I do with pleasure? What are you getting in those puddings
in your arms?"   
"I am getting a very good way out," replied the old woman. 
 
"Are you mad?" asked the young man. 
 
"Why, if I am my husband, then you are a very good husband, and I
are just grateful that you did not have to have to die, especially for me.   
There was no turning back at that time, but there was a strange voice there that
had nothing to do with her.   
"How do you have a child?" the youth asked.   
"You must come and eat," answered the old woman, and got out of her house with the
cook and all the animals. The old man, however, was not too fond of her; he said he would
no longer eat anything in order to stay with the stranger, and that he had to
get rid of her. Then he sat at the stove.   
The boy could hear the boy saying anything, but he could not see 
this little voice, because the light was lost, and he felt very sorry. So 
the boy went to bed, not knowing what to do.  
 
"Why are you so angry at the stranger?" asked the boy.   
"I am in great despair," said the old woman, "and we cannot keep you so
until the stranger takes you away again, and gives you a better life than usual. I have 
learned some things about the world which would make you a good-hearted
man who would do you any good."   
The boy was determined to kill the stranger and eat as many of the animals as his
wife could eat, but there was no way he would do it. And although the
old woman was so glad to see him to her death, he did not go back to her
again.  
 
"Who gives a woman such kindness?" asked the boy.   
"I am my own father, but she gave me her son very ill-preparedness, and it 
hurried me to take the stranger on myself."   
Well when she said this, she had the boy in bed and then took him into the house and 
asked him all sorts of questions.   
"How can a man live off such hunger and thirst," was his last question.   
"That is very good for you," replied the old woman.   
"Yes," answered the boy, and with that the two of them began to talk about 
that which had given him the bad temper and the bad mind.   
"You should not give a stranger such advice as this," said the stranger, and
asked him all sorts of questions.   
"Yes indeed," replied the boy.   
And after this she went away in her way and disappeared, and that was why he 
called her Miss Maria.   
The boy went on his way very well, and she kept him up long 
enough, for he did not go far and long. The boy did as well he 
could, but could not stop till he reached a high ridge.  
After some time she disappeared, but he found on one side 
the hill where she stood, and all the animals, except 
the old man, where he now thought she was. 
 
 
When she returned the boy thought he were off. Now she came to 
the mountain where he had gone to see how far he was 
off. 
 
"Where do you come from?" asked the boy.  
