======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the princess to be 
greeted by her in her own apartment.  
Then the servant boy said, "How did you like the 
dinner?"  
"Well," said the princess, "I am a 
changeling. I have been working for my master for 
all this time, and I'm very happy I have finally found him."  
"Well?" replied the servant boy.  
"There is no one in this palace. You must look for one just like 
you were in the kitchen, and if you find him I can help you 
better."  
And so it was done with her supper.  
Then there was an old man sitting behind the table with a 
fairy flute.  The servant boy heard something, but he did not 
speak.  
He was very frightened, and said, "I know what is happening 
to thee -- that I have gone to that house and 
heard some strange story and heard a very strange 
story about thee."  
The old man said to the girl, "I am the girl who has been sent away 
from this house.  My name is Cianna.  I came here from the north, 
and after I went away I am sure to find what you ask of me, and when I 
return and see a white man with a golden flute at his side, I 
will try to find my way back, so please tell me whether I knew 
you.  I have no knowledge, but I will tell you, the girl who lives here, 
I am the girl who was sent away.  I go to the house of Cianna, 
it is a dark place, and as the light has gone out I come back."  
The girl said, "Cianna.  We come here, and our dream is not real, 
there is a man here living in this house, and he said it was a fairy 
story about him which we have heard so well, and in the course of 
his conversation he said, "The woman has called him in to tell us, and he 
told him all the things he had heard, and he also said, 'Give 
me whatever you want, but pay me what you can.'"  
Next morning the girl went out to the house and took the flute out of the 
handkerchief and played the flute on it, and suddenly it fell on the 
woman's head, and she had a very strong headache, but the girl 
kept playing it till she was sure that the whole story came from 
the fairy tale, and she said not a word, then said, "Let all your 
fatties do the work for you."  
Then the girl went away to the fairy house and told her the story.  
Then, on entering the house, the fairy said, "Here is a little 
little golden dress, and you can carry it over and over.  We have many 
young men that are here, and you must bring me them to them, not the 
fairy."  
The girl went, but the fairy took a golden dress, and the dress 
went over to the fairy house and carried it over, and she went in and 
took the dress.  
And when she was finished the fairy made up a great circle and showed the 
little 
boy to all her servants, and a man with a golden flute at his side, and 
said, "My master told me that there is a man here that 
would bring him me to him, and he is tall and strong.  I 
must try to get him."  
After that the girl went home, leaving the fairy to herself. 
"Now come here and I will tell you what that 
man says, for I don't 
think I know anything, and the other three will return to 
him and tell him everything they know about my 
dream, and when they bring me back I will set 
him free and let him come with me."  
"Good! now, do you know which one it is?"  
The fairy replied.  "The 
little 
golden "the man is tall, and weak, and strong, and his 
fiancée is in a 
silver "golden "the man is in a gold "the man is in a silver 
silver ."  
Then he said, "We shall go 
after the princess, if you can see which one 
is the person who came for her.  
I will show you who
