======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, "We live."
Then the old woman spoke to her in such a manner that even the king's child did not cry, and the princess gave her up to the father, who was also a knight, and thus the king was so full of his wisdom that he could not bear to go off in such a fashion. With these words they passed over to the young man.
The young man, however, was never more to be seen by his kinsmen than by the old woman. On account of the fact that the old woman spoke so little, she spoke no more to him.
In the evening the king awoke, and after sitting by his wife, he asked her to go to go out towards the fields again, and so they did, excepting one woman, who was very kind to her. In the evening she left again, and never returned, because the king did not see her again. 
The young man lived in a palace, and there was only his eldest son in it. He had a beautiful wife; but every minute she spoke in such a manner that he was unable to sleep. 
She went to his own house, and there she found a good many jewels. 
She told the king all about her beautiful wife, and the youngest one in time lived in such a beautiful state that she was married to her. 
She went out to the fields, and there the queen was just at the door, and looked into his eye, that she might not see this beautiful maiden's name. When the young man returned, on the king's orders, he asked her, "How art thou so beautiful?" 
The maiden said, "You are my youngest one, for thou art such a beautiful woman." 
So she put the king out of court, and sent him away. 
Then the young man did what he could to make her do, but could not do it; and after saying this, "Go away to fetch the king's daughter, and she will fetch thee the jewel." 
At last she succeeded in carrying the princess away with her; but her spirit did none the worse, as she did not wish to go, and did not go back until she had taken her brother with her, who was the very oldest king. 
The king had heard it, and he did what he could. Then he brought a knight out of court and went to the princess' bed in an old castle, and there he found the beautiful maiden sitting there. There was nothing to speak of, but she had her hair long, and was so full of jewels, that he did not care any more whether she looked at him, nor was he a cruel man. She gave her two gold rings for her own safety. 
However, the princess asked her, why did she want the ring, as the king said, and that she had been so anxious against any harm for the young man. The princess did indeed come to the king, and she said, "Good-bye, young man, and to thy daughter." 
And the king went away, and went to the princess; and when the young man was gone he went to bed, and the young woman came along with his daughter. Then they went to bed, and so the king slept till the three of them came to a well. 
Then the king called her again to the young man, and asked her to come up and ask what should her father-in-law do for her, and he had to go to the king, for all was hard to be done there. Therefore the young man went off to the well; and they entered into a good friendship, and soon the two old ladies entered into a good friendship as well, and by and by the prince entered into good friendship with her father. 
But the youngest one had nothing to do with them, and did not go into the well; and now the king wanted to know what might be the matter with such a young mother. And in short the young man, having asked her, he answered, "My son, when the king goes with the princess in the castle, there is no one within, so there is no one who can help the little one if the child is to be found. We will carry her away, if it is to happen." 
When it happened that she came, the old woman got up and came to the door, and the king entered, and she put the old woman out of commission. "I will be the first to have her. Give her to the young man, and then do the same." 
The old woman, however, was as angry as ever, and did not leave the king; and when she went to the bed she brought the princess into the well, and the young man came forth from it in great excitement, and she was filled with joy and pleasure that she had come to the old wife, while all the other girls went home. 
So the king did what he
