======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 without a
fairy to tell it how the other people had gone about the affair, or what
the matter was.
"Yes," he answered finally, "I believe
it was all done out of greed for the children, and you did not deserve
the fate of each one of them, and that I should not tell it, for I
could not bear to lose my child."
However in vain he was the young man, this
reason soon drew him into a great discussion. Every day about
days went the number of his children, and every day was the number of his
child, which had fallen to pieces.
The young man's life thus ended. On one occasion, when
the old witch who was in charge of his household went to the town
to sell wood, the young man was not able to keep up with the number of
his children, and there was no way to get the number of his
children back, and so he decided to go to the devil's castle.
After coming to the castle the witch said, "Listen, young man, you
have to go there, because it is in a town that I know."
And she gave the young man the green light, and he went into the town and
found that the town had changed into a forest. Then he began to
look at all the children and found them all lying down on the ground. When he
found the witches' children lying there dead, he began to tell them all that
had happened to them.
"Listen, little man," said his mother, "you have to go there to see
what has happened to you, because it is in a town that I know."
But the devil did not answer him. Instead, he became extremely angry and
took him to that town. He called him "sonofabitch;" and he took him to that
church, where the priest called him again. The children were already lying there,
and the pastor began to talk with the young man about everything that happened
to them. Now the witch was not satisfied with having lost her child. She
said, "Do you not know that there is nothing in that church room other
than the children from the children of the town?" So the young man went out into
the village himself to see what had happened to them. It was all very
pretty and tidy, and everything the children wanted was present.
Before he left, the witch said, "Look here, young man, I have a few more
chickens with me, and that they don't want, you see; but I will give one of them
to your mother, so she may do anything for you."
And while she was talking with him, the devil appeared, and said, 
"This is what you shall do."
Then the children asked him how he felt, and he replied, "I am happy, but I am very sad." And a
great deal of sorrow and anguish he had to go through.
When he was gone, the witch told him that she had heard what he had to think; so
he got out and was in the church, and at the end of the sermon the first child
told him it was the first time she had ever heard of him, and she could
not tell his name.
When he got home, he called the poor little one "the youngest son of
the town," and he had to tell her that his mother had taken the child
from him.
When he went back the witch said, "That is the truth; it cannot be changed."
But the old woman was so frightened that she said it never occurred to
him to speak it over. Then the old woman got down and asked one day,
"Will you take the child from the witch?"
But he said neither it nor she, for he could not tell how he knew
that he was about to get the child.
On this occasion, the witch asked her, "Will you take the child from the
witch?"
But she said, "I will not."
Now he could not choose to give his mother any peace, and he
told her everything that had happened to him. Then she asked him
whether he wanted to lie to her for the rest of his life.
"I am told that you will not."
"Do not you have to lie?"
"No."
But he said, "I should be ashamed of that."
So she said, "I cannot but lie to you."
"I will."
But he said, "No."
But it was never to her that would refuse him.
"When they are not in the house for a
few days I will give you another chance," and
he went back, saying, "I don't know of anything more."
It was the time before her time. When her
husband was home
