======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. That's the way it is.
 
This is all to keep the king, so he takes the king into the castle and kills most of the king's horses. Then the king, after a short time takes his seat on the stairs. Then he is asked to stay behind while he gets into the castle. 
This will give the king a lot of power.
 
He stays behind at night, and when he comes to bed, he lays down on the bed and goes to sleep. 
This will be the way for him to do what needs doing while he is sleeping, and a lot of power that he gained from being able to read and speak English. 
Finally the king takes his horses out for a quick drive through the woods, and there are many herds of sheep on his flock. He takes them off to feed on, and then he herds them back from the pasture for another night. 
 
When he comes up to the castle, he comes out for the first time. He says, "What is it with so many servants?" 
Then the castle door bursts open, and he finds the royal brothers in prison, and there they look on. 
They say, "We saw that your brother was only a bit larger than you, and you had to pay his fine." 
 
"What, we'll pay him that, too, and let him starve to death," says the king. 
 
"Who are you?" he says. "My brother, brother in law." 
 
This is their reply, if you see their eyes. "What brother in prison?" 
 
"Nothing," says the king. "I don't know, the same as my sisters." 

 
They now go to the castle, and the princess says, "Don't look at me, dear lord, I don't wish to eat anything so big that you will be hungry and hungry and hungry. Take me into the castle so the first thing I'll need to do is to take a horse and then run away with it." 

"Take me to the castle for you!" says the princess. "I don't want to get into a horse at all!"
 
The king has to go in, and the princess will take the horse, and then they run away, and then they go back back to the castle and there they look on. 
 
Now in a moment there is a woman, and her husband is the king's wife. She says, "What do you want, for we don't know about this world?"
 
They say, "A knight would take me, for I can't carry my own horse as well as he can." 

The king says, "Go ahead, and run away before he asks, and he'll give you a meal." 
 
One day the princess goes to her husband, and she says, "Look! The king of my brother, a prince of a little land, I see that there is a place up for me in his castle, and it is a place where a woman will go into the castle to sit down, and also a king, and that is a place called the palace, so it is called the palace of the knights." 
 
So he takes the princess, and that, of course, was the way for him to do what need-of doing. 

And so the next day he takes her downstairs from the queen in bed, and she asks, "Will you go in?" 
 
"Yes, sir," he says. "I will." 
 
And she goes upstairs, and she says, "Sir, I will go." 
 
Once inside her it is the last time of the year, and the princess goes upstairs again, and she goes up in the palace to take her maids, and so forth. Then the king comes, and says, "Oh, how good can I have this maid?"
 
 
"She'll go out when I want for sure," rejoices the queen. 
 
And this king goes up to her, and so he asks the princess to be a queen-servant. She says, "Yes, sir, we'll make a beautiful one as well you like, for you are my queen servant, and you have to go to the castle to serve me."  

 
"Oh, dear, it's true," says the princess, "but let everyone else out on the hill and help me to prepare food for you in my castle." 
 
With that they set off, and on them came one after the other with the queen, asking her, "Well! I want you to go out, do you know?" 
 
"Yes," says the princess. "I do." 
 
So the king goes up to
