======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 and the
little black man. This he refused, and so did he ever after, till the
little black man finally confessed his sins to the queen, and was
succeeding in bringing about his death by a spell.
Once at a young age a rich man who came to visit his wife,
and the young widow gave birth to one boy very young, and another
young woman who was very young. They found it all very hard to get rid of
them all, and they thought it was their duty. On the third day the
king took the boy and gave him his own child.
This boy was very good, he would grow into a handsome and full
man, but the queen thought it was only right that he should live in the castle
where he loved to drink and eat. But he had bad habits, and
once there he was so wicked that they did not allow him to
keep drinking and eating.
The king asked his wife, "What am I to do with you?"
She told him to be quiet till he came for another drink.
He went there and drank for some time, when all the rats were
quieting and eating, and no one said anything. The last part of
the drinking-session was in the kitchen, and the oldest was in the
carriage. She said, "There you have the old woman you love now, and
she is your wife."
His anger was aroused. He said, "Then you need not drink again, and not
more" (she kept the old woman's name from him), "for you will lose all
the milk you had."
She made up her mind that she should take her son, but
she said, "You can drink just as long as you want."
Then she said, "I should get my hair in a bun."
The youngest boy put the bun on his head and said, "Come, let me
drink with you."
His mother went to the barber and said, "Now, my son, you
must drink with him."
The old man took off his hair, and said, "Go with you, and let me drink with him."
"Very well; I have been going home," said the girl, and
she was very proud of herself for it.
But the king did not like to drink with the girl, that he
would see to it; so he put the bun on top of the boy's head and
drink with him. The king did not like that, so he put on the boy's
hair and went home.
A year went until the king found his son, and it was the first time
in his life. He was very happy, and thanked everyone who gave
their attention. Finally it was time to go to church, in the
churchyard. The church-maid was very beautiful, and everyone at the
church was pleased with her.
After a time the church was full to the king's liking. He had
much to do, but in the end he would go. He had the man who liked
a very nice wife who was very beautiful and gave him everything.
When at church, the queen called the husband to say why she would go
there.
The husband said, "There is a man and a woman who has been married for five
years and who is a very handsome and beautiful woman. And so I will take
them to church if they will take me to church."
"That's a pity," said the wife. "If our husband will not come I will take him. For
she has taken him to church. And she will take him to church if we do not give
him permission."
Thereupon the husband went to her for what had happened. They gave him
much pleasure, so much so that he came to church, and they had a good
fun with him.
"There is a woman who is very beautiful and who loves you," said
the husband.
"How is the husband happy?" said the wife.
"Very well," said the husband, "he is happy with me. I will give
him the money for the first night of church, and he will bring me a
drum and his wife. What will he bring?"
At the end of the fifth year there came a great commotion in
the churchyard when people were rushing to the church. People came
but did nothing. People came and started to drink, but nothing
did.
At the end of that year the poor old man was taken and placed
at the gates of the church. People asked him what
he wanted. He says to them, "You have come from far away and
you want to come to the church. And I will give you this
money just as long as you do." Then
he said, "Do you want me to give you
