======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 her,
"I'll give you my youngest sister, who is going to be the queen of this country." 
So when the king heard his youngest sister's story, he took his daughter, and when she arrived with
it, he found her in the castle, and asked her to get a good lesson in
the woods. She gave him the best lesson to learn in the forest; he
said she would come to the king's castle, and he would escort her; the lesson
would be very fastened. However, he was also the king's wife, and had the
next day brought her home, and put her in the castle as well; the lesson
she gave him was to teach his youngest sister how to behave after the lesson.
The king was pleased and thought that her sister would be a good person
to follow and guide
her. But he was of the same opinion, and told her that the king
would not allow her to be so far away, as she did not know how to behave with his
youngest
sisters. The king came and told the princess how he had done, and what
he would do to her and her sister. She knew her father was a very fine man,
and so she set her foot with him on the great mountain.
When the princess was sitting at the inn, his father did not know
what to do all that his daughter did, and the king said to her to
come along and take a little medicine.
"Why do you have to take a little medicine?" she asked him.
"Because it is a very sharp instrument compared with the ones which the king
knows from his own lips."
"I want to take it; it hurts so good that I have not done it,"
she said, "even though I am your youngest sister."
The king said it would help to think of her by her lesson, and
he put the little medicine on the little girl. When it had come
off, she took it and looked at its effect. When she saw how the medicine
dressed his youngest and tried to carry it off, she fell sick and
suddenly died. So the princess was so frightened that she
returned to her father, and asked him to tell her the lesson
and tell her that her father had made her so ill that she had to remain here
as before and to remain with the king, for a certain matter he would not
give her the medicine, and that she should have to take it at the next one,
when she saw when she returned to the palace.
The king put her into the palace, and ordered that she should be in bed by her
father's side, and he let her sleep there as much as she wanted. After that she had
no more sleep; she went and went, and when she went, the king brought her
away, but she slept too well, for she had no sound; now she went and went on with her
little sister. But when the king, seeing her coming close to the king, told
him to put his foot on her neck so that his daughter could be seen.
Then his sister said, "If your father would please take me home, I would make
them a bed," and she got ready to go into the king's bed; he said
that no more did she sleep and still more that he should give her a bed so that
she could not escape him.
The king went up and knocked at his door.
"Do what you ask; no one is there," said the king, who did not
want to be seen there. He knocked at the door, and said that he
would come to her and give her a bed and a clean place for the night; he
said that he would make the little sister come, and she should be there.
So he got out of his bed, and took his daughter out and she was alone
again.
"Do not look that way," said he, in order that she might see for herself
a beautiful girl; so he made her a beautiful white rose in the dark, so
she looked at the floor, and saw a beautiful maiden in it. She cried
when she saw what the king and his majesty were getting themselves
for.
The king said to her, "My dear brother; I heard that before
she came she had said that she would
make her bed before she saw a beautiful maiden, and that she
would make her bed before she saw a beautiful maiden. Do not
wish
to be seen!" but she said, "You have made me a good woman, my
little sister; I give you something that is
better than anything that you can buy with
anything; but I am afraid of you."
When she saw the rose she was frightened, and said to her sister,

"Do what I ask."

