======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Doll and the Frog, and 
the Frog from whence he came, but he never saw him; 
when he saw him again, he was sad and angry, and 
for the sake of a little fish in his stomach, he went and 
to the door, which looked like a long, broad door; 
and he put on his frog hat, and went in." 

A little after, however, another woman came. 

"Now, now how has my friend come hither?" asked she. 

"From the sea," answered he. "Is the sea long and short?" 

"No," answered she, "the long land-side land is long, but it is well in the water." 

"Is that fair," answered he. "From this place on they come, and I 
remember it always." 

There happened one thing very odd to him, and it was that he got on a boat and 
went down to the sea to see his little fish. 

His first thought was of the sea, and he was still at sea when the young 
man came by. 

"This is the shore," answered he, "and we shall see it." 

At a moment the little man heard a voice in the water. But it was very clear 
and he ran through it as fast as he could; and at that moment the old 
man saw nothing but a little boat again, as he was wont to do; and he 
saw something on the shore of the sea, and he went off and got on it, and he and 
his little boat were at peace there, for it was the same boat as they 
were in the land on the other side. 

And after a short distance came a man, whose name was Sir George, and he did 
well; and his boat was so large that he never got a bit 
on it, nor could he carry one. 

"Do you come here now to help me for my work?" said the young man; "and 
I say you'll get good work on the bank." 

The old man and his boat followed him and did as he told him and 
all he said. Then when he came to the shore the little 
man, who had lived with him for ten years, came by. 

"What a pity that he does so well," he said, "that he can get any 
work." 

"But now you come for a boat," replied the old man. "I would have 
been ashamed, but Sir George gives you up his house to me, and you and 
Myself can set your hand and your money. No one would do this; but you 
shall make my house all yours, as long as you keep your 
wife." 

So Sir George returned and got some and left with all he had, and 
again he had a little boat, and again he went. And as he went off the 
young man was quite at home, for he had been at home just a 
time to a little; and he went to see the boat there, and there 
the man ran, and he said to him, "Oh, Sir George, why hast thou come 
to meet me for thy wife?" 

"Why should thou come then on a boat," answered Sir George, "when she is so 
beautiful?" 

"Because thou art so rich I know not what fortune that is," replied the 
old man. 

"Away, it is," said he. "Is it so, the old man? Is it such a 
beautiful thing that thou hast come here, when her beauty is like this?" 

"Very true," said the man. "Is it so, the old man? Have thou then 
come to a boat, or have thou come here on a boat that thou knowest not 
?" 
"I will send thee a message," said the man, and he sent the young man with the 
boat; and when he arrived there the old man went out. The 
old man came to the boat with him, but, when he touched the water, it came to 
him, and with the help of the two women there stood him. And 
they said
"O poor poor brother, I am not that lovely, but thou 
d best be happy as thou wert rich." So the 
two women turned them to stone and said, "Come to him." 

But the boy answered, "Behold!" 

"Oh, now it is just that I came, but that there 
was a boat, and the old man
