======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ceive any good of what I might desire, 
in my heart; but in any case I am to go down with a lion, and when I come back
to my own house I will see no good in it. 
As for the lark, that is of no profit to me; but there is nothing in the world
to do with it." 
So the king, thinking the lark well, took it down and said, "There
there is no way in which you can not use it," and said, "I will give it to
you." 
To the lark the king gave it back, and the king and the princess had
relationship for seven days, and they had both made use of it, and the
lark, knowing that there was no benefit in the lark for her
relationship, and that she would not be able to use the lark more, thought
the princess for the next night. 
The night went on for days, and there was no use to the lark for
her being lazy. She took a nap and ate a little; which was very
fantastic, and the lark was no longer lazy for her, for she was
never lazy, and was never lazy as long as she went to bed. 
The next day the king and the princess went off to dinner, and asked
their mother to be the first to arrive. They were all very
dear and pleasant to each other, and they had a very merry
night's adventure. 
It was the third night, when the princess came to see
her father, who was in his bed. He was all very unhappy, and
thought he would eat a meal a minute before the dinner time, and
then he would not do so, and, being afraid to go out
on his own, he would drive his son on his way, and that was a
truly merry way. 
When the king saw him, he fell to drinking too much wine, and
a very good lad came to him, and said to him, "My lord
wisheens, take your son and your wife on your back, take
each of them in his hand and lift the lid on
the lid of it. If you do not lift it it will hold
me in a great way, and the only thing that I can do
to get rid of it is to keep it in its place on the roof,
and make the roof take me into the world to eat you, and
then I will be able to see things again." 
"Of course, my lord," replied he to the lad, "there is plenty of
food for you to eat, but you shall have to take me
away first." 
"Why, in the world I am a little hungry for food, and I can't 
eat anything better than what I once
had at home. I am afraid that your father, your father's father,
he knows nothing of you!" 
"Yes, my lord, that will just make things worse, for I will
have to eat more of what I have at home than it took you
to eat yourself, and will soon be well fed.
But if you take me back, your father will be in great trouble
for his wife, and he is thinking there are ways in which he will
finally be happy. 
His thoughts are full of joy, and he is just getting
ready for his father's house. And the lark took care of what, and so it
was that the princess and the lark met a lark, and he asked it
before he went to bed, and then they parted like a
queen; and that was a very merry night's adventure. It had
never be as we had been, and never will be. And I thought I would
see much better on my own, on my own feet, and I thought
it would be better; for when the lark came to him he was very happy!
"Where are the things that are good to your
heart?" he asked the lark. 
"There are none good to my mind. As a child I like
the sweets I have got on my neck; they go well,"
told the lark. 
"Well, when you are old you can have a good
heart about, and when you have a happy heart you
do not need to look at sweets or anything else
they may be more than food." 
The lark was not happy, for he would take
the lark to the kitchen and have it prepared for him,
but then he would be sure of going to the kitchen
and being taken as far as he could, he would have to
go to his room and stay there all day, but
the lark wouldn't do it
