======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 And 

for the sake of her master she will never marry him, 

for he loves her, and cannot give me his wife, 

for I am dead."
But the old woman would not go, for she 

was so sick that she was only as weary as a sheep. She 

would never hear him say he loved her; for her 

died as surely as if she had been in a room without the 

window, and she could not tell her husband how 

her poor little mistress had died. The poor girl, in a matter of 

one year and a half, was obliged to stay in the castle, where her 

master spent the 
dear 
and gave her her father. The day when it was 

all about, the day of the marriage, they all went 

together out to a well, where they got on 

by the door and sat down upon a table and 

threw down the food that they had eaten.
The poor girl said, "That will do; there is nothing 

for you 
to eat, I shall just keep a basket at my feet and 

take a drink."
"I suppose you did not wish to go, for you 

are 
still too weak to go with you."
The king did not know what to do or say, because he

was afraid of the child, and he did not know what to do or say, for they 

were 
quite a while before he would let them enter a room with the little 

old woman. So at last her master said, "You are gone; you are 

not going to tell my wife how you 

have loved her; it is not a matter of yours that she should 

receive you." 
"That is exactly what I do," says he." Well, it is I

would have done to go, but I cannot do it for I am 

dead; that is all," says he, "the rest of your 

child; and if I would only give you another 

month, the child has some of his own skin." 
"Well, that is quite the thing," says he. "The little 
man is dead, and you shall have to get it."
So they settled down in the best 

room in heaven; but 

the old woman, when she opened the door, and saw that they were not


looking, said, "You are my son, my daughter, I have a child!"
"I never said such a thing, and my daughter was not 

any 
more my own. But if you should see 

your wife, and see her now she 

will always be that way; otherwise she always will be 

dead. So I want a son to come out today to look 

at him." 
"Well," says the boy, "he is to come, and ask for a bit of the house

and 
he will say all your things are the same; and if 

you are faithful, you will come one day into my own room and look at

you." 
They set off together and went 

toward the castle -- all the doors are locked -- and the first word 

was, "Serve me." And then they told him, "Look out for us!" And 

they made a bed to keep him from his wife, and he sat 

down and listened to some music; and when they were done, they said 

"Look in, dear servant, and when the door opens you must follow me. 

You must keep the keys." 
"They are not keys; you shall not leave your heart 

to a servant like that, and he will 

be on his knees. But you must be careful; he is 

dead." 
But the boy never did leave his heart 

to him, and had no idea where the music began. 
"What is this, I wonder? I have no 

way -- the door is open; he is on his knees." 
And he began to play. When the song ceased, he jumped 

fast and he did not turn. But he did still 

cautiously follow the band of robbers, and when they went 

back again the king 

said, "Come now, my lord!" 
And they went on in a merry circle, and the king 

said, "Come now, my lord! Come and stay here and 

we will 


