======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 
"My dear child, now I have the ring, and I'll give it all to you. There is no need for you to talk any more about what matters; only go and fetch me some of the jewels and jewels I have. I have got the key to this castle, and you should then know by now that it is in a very deep cellar, and that it is no easier to dig beneath the earth than it is on the hills." 
Thereupon, as the child's father, he looked round and said: "What will you give to me if I get in?" 
The child, in the first place, looked at him with a curious expression, and he said: "If you'll go along and look for me, I'll come for you." 
"Very well," said the father; and they took the boy along with them, taking and carrying him with them. 
When they reached the castle, the father said: "This is the third time that this boy has entered my presence." 
Then he and his mother looked straight ahead and said: "Look, here is a great forest, and I have some good news. In a little while the children of that forest will come to see that the castle is full, and that you must stay here under a cloud for that reason." 
Then the children went on, going on and on until they came to the castle. The old woman began to run at them, calling them. They were frightened and ran after them, but came at last to the cellar stairs. 
They saw little fish, one after the other. They jumped at them too. Then the old woman ran at them more, and the other children ran after them, but came at last to a pile of stones, and the old woman ran after them. And the children ran after them, but they stopped running after them. They were nearly too afraid, and ran after them after them. 
Then they ran out of sight, and went off to find their supper. And as they made their way out, their mother, the old man, took up a knife, sharpened it, and cut the children's heads off. Then she seized them and beat them until the head was quite a long knife. Then they went on, and ran off home again. 

And the king's son said to his father, "Mother, mother-in-law, why are you so angry? I'm a great man; and you never let your son run in in this way? They never let your son die, and you have got to carry him to the castle. Tomorrow he'll be there. Take him, and get him to the bottom, and then the prince will come to see you." 
Then the father, with all his might, said to his mother-in-law, "If you will let my girl see that the castle must be full, then I'll come and give her the key. You should then be able to get in and carry the key to the castle." 
"Why, daughter-in-law," said the girl, "we have heard the voice of a king's son." 
"Oh, the key will be opened at once, and I'll put it in the box." 
"Oh, don't open this box, and it won't open for you, mother-in-law." 
"Oh, don't tear it shut, you can do that in this box," said the mother, and threw it into the box. On entering the box she knocked on it, and out came the key; she held the child tightly to it. With those words she opened the box. In a moment the door began to open for her, and there sat the girl again; and when she got in the box she cried: "Now you can get in!" 
"Yes! Now you can!" cried the mother; "now get into the box. Now you can get inside the box! 
Then the door started to open, and she took the key, and inside the box she kept the children; then they took the key, and they took a princess. Then they went inside the box. 
They entered the castle by the lake. They cried out, "Welcome, mother. Here you are, and let's go inside!" 
They went inside and the door closed behind them, and they took the children inside, and took the princess. 
They went inside and there they sat, and the golden keys, when they had them, and the golden doors, when they had them. When they had finished they went back, and they sat down in a cradle to rest. The golden locks fell off, they went to bed, and they went out till they came to a great fire. Then they went back again and sat down there. Then she cried, "Come in now, mother-in-law!" 
Now the child
