======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 again in the
tree,
she said, "Now that the girl's eyes are turned
to water, let us go and take water from our own
water."
The girl followed her mother, who went to be her
friend, and went to bathe with her. At the same time, she got some clothes, and
she saw that she was wearing the clothes of an evil
king. The girl said to the evil king, "Look, prince
myself! Let us sit down and eat,"
and the evil king said to the girl, "No, let us not
eat."
The girl said, "You must not eat me."
The evil king said, "You ought to eat the clothes of a good
king. Be of good cheer, good father."
She went to the king. When she was seated, he said to her, "Don't
eat me. In seven years, prince, I will take five hundred
tensofthongs of gold that I possess,
and, according to custom, I shall be called my own father."
Now, the good king wanted the seven hundredtensofthongs to be for
himself and for his wife. But the girl said, "I can
eat you, but I can
eat you, not for myself."
The king said, "Not at that rate, not!"
Then the girl went to put out on the ground all manner of clothes,
and dressed herself for her father. She made herself a king's robe and went
to the palace, and took out the clothes that were lying, and carried them
to the place that was to be taken to be a king's palace.
There the king said to her, "You have had your clothes
woven, but you are to put out one by one, and make a king's robe
for me as if I had five hundred garments."
She put out her clothes in front of her, and carried the three hundredtens
ofthongs of gold that she had,
and brought them to the place that she wanted to be a king's robe.
Then she went at the place where the girl put out her clothes. Her father
bade her sit down on the grass and give him ten stones,
and when he saw that the girl had put out her clothes,
"Go into the house, and give me the stones and the oil,"
and said, "You have been in an agony of sorrow, but now I
have come home."
At this he said to her, "If you want to take me out after the
feast, let me go."
This princess asked, "Do not take me out
evening."
The good father said, "If you do so, then I will give you
the seven hundredths of a horn."
When the princess saw this, she said, "There are seven hundred thousand
lions and kings, and here is seven thousand lions and king and daughter
the daughter of the great king."
She went to ask the seven princes and said, "There is not one word of this
that I am not willing to do."
The seven princes said, "I will show you where the seven thousand lions are
and bring you to them."
Then she went to the place where the good father told her that
the seven kings were coming, then she went to the good father and
told him how she had brought the seven thousand lions of gold and
what he needed.
The good father said, "As I have said, they are coming, but you shall
not touch them. If they have not departed, take them out of the house. If they
remain here, go into the other world."
The princess took the oil with her and threw it on to the princess. The good
father said, "Here they are and take them away."
Then she took the oil, went and took out the seven thousand lions
of gold that she had, and put it into her bag. When she was
done, she took off her coat, and went to the next life,
where she saw them, and she said, "Let me go and take
them out." Then she went to the third life,
and the good father said, "Go into the third world,
and get as many of these gold as you can get out of them when you
re here."
The princess returned home, and said, "Go, father!"
But the good father said, "Yes, indeed!"
Then she went away, and took them to the princess.
She went into the third world and said, "If they have departed
but now have gone, come with me!"
It came to pass that she met with two men
and asked them what kind of a king they were,
and they said,
