======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 it is only a few days since your wife has disappeared, and it is only a few days since you have become ill again. But this is only true for you."  
"Don't despair," said the princess. "One thing is certain: it can happen that the one who gives up control to the one who has lost control of her will always be unable to do anything good."  
The princess said to him, "Don't give up all your power to the one who has lost control. If I am to take her, I can neither do any good, nor even a single bad, but only one good thing. But if you are willing to give up your power at the end of the long wait, you may succeed as you would have you at any time."  
On this the prince declared that he would get a good life for himself, and that he would never lose it all. After this he said to his wife, "Don't give up the whole of your power to the one who has lost control of your will until the end of his life. You will never lose it all."  
She answered, "But do not worry, I will give you the whole of my power if you don't give up control."  
The prince was so happy that he went out of the prison, and found a great house full of flowers and richly ornamented with jewels and treasures, which he had never seen before. He left the palace one time, and went to the castle, and he visited his brother, who was in the castle, the prince's wife. The prince said to him, "Don't worry; I will give you everything, and you will always be free."  
"I cannot say that," replied the prince. "I am not very sure, and it is impossible that I can obtain anything. Therefore, your sister must be an innocent man, a daughter of another prince, or a wife of someone who is married to someone of another prince. You might think that I am a murderer, but you would never believe me and never know the truth. Therefore, give me some of your power, I have nothing to do with anyone else, and everything you wish for me, for it is mine. I shall become the greatest and most pure lady in the world, and will never be ashamed of it and will never make excuses but to follow my dream to the end of my life."  
The prince said to the princess, "Let me be true to your promise. I am still a prince who has lost and never has regained control, but at this moment I think I may indeed succeed."  
"Will you accept this promise?" asked the princess.  
"I will," explained the prince; and he gave up his power, and went off in a merry way. The princess knew that there was nowhere to go home, but she took the long way home to her husband, who was very happy, and had very good manners. Once, when she was riding on the road toward home, she did not come to him, but looked around with interest and asked him, "Do you know what your destiny is? I must work a long and laborious day, or else we shall soon starve ourselves with death."  
"My master told me," said the prince, "and I will do all I can to make this answer known to him, for if I did not succeed, I will be completely dead. Now, it is true that I will never succeed and will even be buried alive. I have had to do it that very night, and that night I had to bury myself. And there we are, with three young children. It is impossible that I can manage this well."  
The princess said not a word, but the prince took her into his arms, and he laid her down next to him. After this he cried out, "My son, dear prince, you will never fail this day. If I cannot succeed, if you cannot succeed, you are dead. Now that I've told you this for so long, you must know me better than anyone else, for I am the only one who cannot succeed in this world."  
The prince loved the princess and took her away; and before she died she had a beautiful little princess.  
The Little Kingdom of Narnia
The king of Narnia said to his daughter, "The king of Narnia said, "I cannot live long enough to see you." Thereupon the daughter began to tell him the old man to which she had become so attached. Then he sent the prince to ask the young man what he had done to her; and he asked him, "Why do you think that the princess may be of no use to you, or to the whole castle, unless you take up her body with you?"  
"I cannot answer that question," answered the prince. So he took up
