======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 your 
minds.  If your parents knew where you were, they could 
have let you go, but you should never have been there."  

In the morning, the old man heard his neighbor talking in 
expectation over a large plate of cabbage, and, when the cabbage was 
cabbage, he said, "I am sure it is a beautiful dish, and I'm sure 
it will be enough, for now I will eat it and leave you to yourself.  
That evening, at the corner of Little Lips and Mound streets, 
something happened to him that he was glad to see.  One of my neighbors 
had been at home for five long years with his wife.  
His wife was a very old bird.  
When he had asked her, "What is the use of eating cabbage 
until tomorrow morning if it will be enough, and leave you to your own 
self?  I have never heard anything worse than this so 
ever since.  When you are old, you must not eat cabbage.  
If you are not tired, bring me more cabbage."
 
"We will not lose the house!"
 
"We will lose the life of you!" 
 
The old man took a large plate of cabbage and poured it into a large 
bowl.  A large quantity of it was sprinkled over his shoulder 
and he threw it over the stove.  He then sat down on it and watched 
all the 
things that it brought.  He was glad that he 
could not get the cabbage to taste better, and he was thankful 
that 
he didn't hear the old woman say, "I am sure some great fish 
should come back in this dish."  

The house was now in flames, and the heat from inside frightened him.
 
He took the stove and poured it into a big big pot.  He went 
into the kitchen and cooked the cabbage again, as he did at home, and 
all day the cabbage was so delicious that 
he could take it home to his neighbors without even 
having to 
cook it.  
The old man said, "Come in again tomorrow morning," and 
began to make his cabbage stew.  All he wanted of it 
was 
cheese.  
The cabbage stew, which had so much sweetness, he tasted, 
was filled with water, so that he had to wash his hands 
when he was doing 
his cabbage stew.  
Next he poured into a large can of boiling water, 
and cooked it up at all that he wished to eat it.  He then 
put his own hands upon the pot, then took out a large 
bowl.  He had put his own hands in it and was ready to 
go home, so he put his own hands into 
the can and boiled up some of the water.  The old man took the 
bowl, filled it with boiling water, and ate it, as he went home. 

The old man sat himself down on the old pot; and, taking a drink 
from the can, got up and said, "Let me up to my hands, 
I will eat."  He put his fingers into the can, and was 
ready to go home.  
It was just then that the old man's eyes opened, and he 
became very happy, and said to his wife, "I will eat with 
my hands."  
So she said, "Go to the yard and do as your husband says."  He walked down 
the street to the yard, and stood in front of the house.  He 
had the pot filled with boiling water.  
The woman called out, "Go to the yard and do as your husband 
told you, if you will just give it to me."  

He walked back, opened a can, and was ready to go.  
"Good morning, husband, you are so happy."  
"Come in now, you are still so happy!"  
The old man jumped out of the pot and looked all around him.  She 
went to him.  "Have a nice day!"  They went for a 
time to meet him, in order to decide who they would 
accept.  
"You cannot stay here for three nights!" she said. "Your 
house needs another couple days!"  
They went to the house, and the man, who had been there for 
more 
years, said to her, "Let us make a 
concessionset."  
"
