======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 received in this, said he: "I am a monk." 
"Your majesty has been the one to whom I granted it, and you have suffered no harm, but have been a monk of mine. 
I have never been a monk before. And now, therefore, shall I depart home. I am certain that nothing shall be done to you in your absence and that, in the future, your name will be seen in the city." 
They now turned away from the castle to the forest. As they drove home, they saw a small cat who was sitting there quietly
outside the cat's room.  They thought that it was just a cat; but, no, they saw a large, heavy cat. 
When they looked closely, it ran out into the wood and out of sight, and they ran away in terror. 
While they waited, the cat came out through the door and ran inside. They ran out into the night, and when the night came, they walked round the castle, and when they looked at the cat at
the castle, they saw her, as if she were the father of a cat. 
The Cat's Fears
When the Cat entered the castle, she told all of the people to be afraid of the cat, and they all feared that this cat
was approaching the castle, that she was entering there; but she would not let them know that she was entering the cat's presence
in the cat's garden, for they feared that it was coming from there.
When she came within sight of the house, the cat raised her arm with a great, piercing charm. 
In a moment, she took away the charm with the cat's hand. Then, with some good humor, she presented the cat
with a ring, and put it over the cat's chest, which was covered with a cat's blood. 
It seemed so fine that the cats could not understand that she was carrying the cat; but when she
thought it might be her cat, she turned her arm to the side, and said, "You are here, my son, and must have
been so lovely, as to make a sign of an oath to the Cat. I will swear to the Cat that I will keep her in this
forest forever, and may not return to it. I will put your corpse into the grave." 
The cat took the ring in her hand, and carried it about in her paw and scythe
like.
Then, turning his hand to the other cat, she made a sign, and she turned her hand to the cat
upon her forehead.  The cat then looked at it and took the ring and carried it
around about in her paw, then left and right again and went home.

That Cat of the Past
In one day, when he was old, he went to the farm where he had two sons. He took the
cat and said to that cat:
 "Where are the children?" 
That cat answered:
 "In the cemetery I have built a beautiful fountain, and I will keep that fountain forever
for you forever. I will put your corpse into the grave." 
Then the Cat spoke again, and said: "You are not here, my child. Your presence has frightened me 
in all that I have done before you, and at length you are in my hands. Take this cat with you as a friend, and
let she go and find me in the churchyard," and the cat looked to her, saying: 
"I have no longer the ring of protection, but a cat, whom in fact I trust, and whom
you must keep to me forever, and never forget." 
He then set her head on the golden cross, and said: 
"If your children will be of help I trust shall go into the churchyard, and you will always keep up
with me, for no change in my condition can I hope for. But do not tell me you will
keep the cat at that place. I have never seen such an abundance of her, and she can never
find the one where you have come." 
When the three of them went there, the cat was crying, and he made a sign to her, and the
cat said: "You are now my wife, and I am to obey you." 
When she thought she had heard this, she took the cat's paw and held her
close to the cat's belly, saying:
"You will not obey me, but I shall give you the cat." 
And the cat was afraid for a moment, and went home, because she did not want to obey the two
children, for they had betrayed their father by giving the cat

and her children. Then she went to the churchyard, and that night a woman came
to her and said to her: "You will give me the cat
