======== SAMPLE 1 ========


A couple have lived in this house for a long time:
They lived there two times and lived one hundred and
few years longer. Now they found a rich woman.
She is rich, yet with envy, because she has a
couple of sons.
And in the middle of a long quarrel the poor woman
made a false offer which he did not mind;
"I will not have one but that you will give me."
Now after that she has had an hour.
Then she says to him, "I won't give you anything besides my name
and that's why I gave you this offer." (This
is a lie, though it was true.) On this it is a lie. But he says to her, "I
love you, for it is not so I am, but I am jealous of you."
So the poor woman goes in search of a new wife. When she comes back home
she finds that her husband was absent. She thinks she has
never heard of this husband. He had been absent for a long time --
but he had not disappeared since his last visit;
he had come back a while later, and she has never been able to
find him.
So the poor woman is sad, and her son wishes she could
be at home now, so he can live as quietly as possible.
The king, however, asks her not to mind him;
he is too happy to be at home with his daughter.
Then the husband comes dressed in his finest
wear, and rushes off to the king's court,
to show his majesty that he had lost his way, and
was leaving a wedding party.
When he gets to his room he sees
his daughter standing before him.
His wife is delighted, but he goes away, saying, "What
matter? I have no more than this."
At the wedding party the king, who is at home,
hearkens back to her in a kind of mourning, and he speaks to
her in a very sad and disconcerting manner.
"She has lost countenance, her face is so gloomy --
she must be dying now," the poor woman says.
"Her head is just as gloomy," says the king.
"A poor lady is dying now," says his daughter.
"You can't do anything -- you have to go and see her,
for she has a dreadful headache," says the poor woman.
The king goes to the queen's chamber to say to the poor woman, "Don't
t worry, she must not be alarmed."
The queen then goes in and asks the poor mother
to come, and there she finds the poor mother dressed
in her finest clothes and with all their goods
in her chamber. She tells the poor mother and children,
like a good king, of her wonderful life.
They tell the king, "Why are you not dressed as if there
were nothing to make you happy here?"
"Because of a bad headache," says the queen. "What is the matter?"
"She doesn't seem to notice it," says the king.
"A good lady is ill," says the poor mother.
"It is time we put down the bad headache."
The mother and children leave the palace. There a young woman is sitting
standing at the gate
in her own fine silk gown.
She says, "I am so sad, that I can't keep myself busy.
I must go home," says the poor woman.
"Can't you tell me everything?" asks the king.
"It is my daughter, daughter," replies the mother. "How did you
see? The queen of whom I am the chief's sister is sitting
and eating, and she is all anxious that she should be
comatose."
"A great queen is in trouble," says the child the mother.
Then she asks, "Why have you not seen
the mother?"
"Because she's sick," says the king. "She is very ill."
"Then she says, "Now tell me her."
"Yes, daughter," says the mother.
"So tell her how to work. There she is at
the door playing at her husband's games. And just then he
is talking to himself about how her son is
going to be good and happy -- and why he is going away!"
"Oh -- he is not talking to himself!
He is talking about himself!"
"That's all," says the child.
"You can't make him happy by lying to himself!"

"I can make him happy!" says the mother.
"I know," says the king.
"So tell her what she has told to the child,"
the child replies.
"There is nothing in it but her mother or mother
who has lost count of her son
