======== SAMPLE 1 ========
  And the prince, thinking at once of the prince, said, "If thou art to be found alive, thou wilt be a prince!"   
The prince said to the princess, "If thou art alive be not found alive!"   
Then the boy said, "If thou art alive be found not found alive!"   
Then the girl said to the prince, "If thou art alive be found alive!"   
Then she answered, "If thou art alive be found alive!"   
Then the boy said, "If thou art alive be found alive!"   
Then the prince said to the girl, "If thou art alive be found alive!"   
Then the girl also answered him, "If thou art alive be found alive!"   
And the prince said, "If thou art alive be found alive?"   
Then she also answered him, "If thou art alive be found alive!"   
Then the girl said, "If thou art alive be found alive!"   
Then the boy answered him, "if thou art alive be found alive!"   
Then the prince said unto the princess, "If thou art alive be found alive!"   
Then the girl replied, "If thou art alive be found alive!"   
Then the prince said unto the girl, "If thou art alive be found alive!"   
And the child answered him, "If thou art alive be found alive."   
A woman having a child was said to him,   
"A man is called Brahmar (Sambharam),  
who is in the company of a king and a queen.   
When the queen came to him, at his coming to meet her,   
they said to each other to go to the house of his sister,  
  
"Father, are you not the same as a man   ."   
And she went away, and said, "Who is she who is a Brahmar?"    
"Father,   
who is the father of a Brahmar."   
Then he said he would seek the other woman.   
He became rich in his household.    
Then he came home to pray and put out his eyes to see her.   
He asked her for one of his sons, then he said, "I have found one,  
that has attained wisdom."    
He then came by one of the palace guards,   
and there he took her into the house, and found her alive.   
He gave his daughter to her, and he took her from one to another.    
When the girl came to her grandmother, she said, "I am my sweetheart.   
I am my sweetheart!" and she answered, "I have found my father!"   
And she went away, and there she became a Brahmin.   
But she said that she was going away in search of him.   
She went away, and found a great woman, and put her before her.   
Then the prince said, "I will go home with you," to which all the women  
were happy that he would do it.   
And they said to the father, "Go home with our mother, and tell her to send us to look for her."   
And they did that, and the father went away, and finding his house, they  
went down his street to a church, and he told them that he would go to that 
church every night for the night.   
So all the women, except the maiden, went out and came to the church   
every night.   
There she found a big stone lying in the yard.   
She sat down by this big stone, and the woman told her that she 
would go to the church every night for the night.   
So she went on to see the stone, and there she found the great woman.   
She went up the little steps, and she got a beautiful woman to give her to,   
And she went to the house.   
But she had not taken any care of anything of the thing, and she went on the   
way.   
When she was there, but a little way away, she heard a strange voice calling out,  
"Come!"   
And suddenly she heard a voice crying out, and it sounded like a  
frog being drowned.   
The daughter came back
