======== SAMPLE 1 ========
with; for, behold, I have no use for
the money. Where should I go to my wife's place?"
Then the king said, "I should like to do as I have spoken, so bring
home my bridegroom and his wife if he wants to come."
"Who shall go to his bridegroom's mother's house when he wants to
eat?"
"One must be the woman's husband"; a fine guest would be a
merry bridegroom and a fine man his wife; but I would give him a
great feast, if that was ever his wish; so there should be a
little cook for him, and he should be brought home, if he is ever
overcome with hunger."
The princess, having had her supper, took out a red
gift from the plate, and then disappeared out of sight, but that night
her brother returned and said, "My brother, don't be afraid of us. Just do
what he says, let God bring them back to me, and he will give us
even a little. Do the deed and you shall be able to eat with God and
be happy with Christ."
Seeing his brother's good advice, the king, having been so wise, agreed;
and the queen, having been so kind in her heart, did all that she could
promise to him. But as to him who is the one to make a sacrifice,
he would like to know.
"O my brother," said the king, "when you see him, he can scarcely tell
you anything of his life. You'll have to tell him what I have to make ready
in the morning."
Then the old woman went to her husband's house, and she said to her
brother, "I promise you that I will put a dish of good fat on the plate
and make a small fire. If nothing is to be found which will
not burn it into ashes, put it in a little fire, with some water, and
well, get ready."
The king listened, and when the queen had said that he
could eat the dishes, and the soup on the plate, he put them on his
thumb, and took some water. Then he let the queen go out, and
she went out again and gave the king everything and set
themselves ready.
On the evening, when it was evening, and there was no one there, he took
one of his men to the tailor and the tailor set them to work and
they would do every thing he desired.
The tailor was very sad because he did not know what his
brother's house must be like. And the tailor was very sad because
he had his food on his plate and his drink in his cupboard, and that
every time he went into the tailor's apartment he would take away food and
feed his brother's wife and her mother.
Finally he left his way and went with his wife and mother to his
husband's house, where she did not want to go, but went there and
had a little supper for his brother's wife, and then she went away and got
her supper. Her brother gave her this, and so did her father, she
went home and returned; but the king was very angry at her as
to what she did. But she could not deny it, and she said to him, "Your
wife is mad as to her father's wife; but you don't know that, for I am still
frightened to see her. There are no words to escape her."
Then she went to her brothers, and they said, "Why don't we eat?"
Then she went to her brother's house and saw them there, and did not
want to go, but went so far, and her brothers did not know how they
could escape her. But she was so unhappy that her brothers and sisters
wore her clothes for her brothers to wear, and they gave her some
bread that was very beautiful, and the clothes said, "You cannot have any
good food, no matter how good it is." Then
she went out again and did not see her sister, and the sister said,
"You must not be so very sorry!"
Then she went to her sisters again, and she did not know that
her sister and sister's clothes for her sisters were beautiful,
if they could not escape her. But she went further
and farther, and still no one could escape her.
It was all very ugly for her. She went back and
more and farther, and her sisters did not allow her. But she
wandthen she never said a word; that was just a
choreographer's art.
She went on the way, and came to a town and asked
where she might go again.
She did not know where she could go,
