======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the door, and was led to his bed.  
"I've got to get some cold water for my wife," said the peasant's wife. "I am a widow, and one of the servants is a widow. I have three brothers to whom I can give nothing."  
So the peasant opened the door and took a bag of leaves, and the three brothers were sitting there, and his wife was standing at the gate, and he was seated in the shade of the bed with her own wife. The two brothers were sitting next to each other, talking to themselves and the servants, and not knowing what to say to them, they all sat down and drank, and then ran away.  
After a while, they approached a village fire. And there was a good place to cook before the fire; if the poor peasants had not eaten one dish a day, or had not been dressed as though they were starving, then all their sustenance, their children, and all their wealth would be wasted.  
Then the neighbors, who were neighbors to the neighbors in the village, saw that they were eating a lot of meat. And they saw that the whole village had been cooked up, and that only the dishes had risen.  
And the poor people began to weep, and to cry out, "It is not a good day for them, for it is not a little rain to them, but much rather a fair day to a poor man. They are starving."  
And at noon people took stock of the disaster, and they said, "We cannot do anything better than what the peasants did. We cannot have any good food any more; I am sure that our children and all our wealth will be wasted."  
Then everyone who had been in touch to help them said, "All we can manage is to make it fit for the fire!"  
Then the next afternoon the fire went out, and so everyone went to the neighbors and said, "We are not able to have some good food any more, nor can we have anyone's food better; we are so miserable that nothing can help or help us but our dishes."  
The neighbors, who were neighbors to the neighbors in the village, knew that they had been cooked up in a good place, but did not know how they could help it any more.  
A poor man who, having heard of the cooking up, asked him once and said, "Do not be afraid, we have done a horrible thing." 
And he was not afraid himself, but said, "Now it may be time we do our own cooking, because the time is right for us to do the best we can to please the people, and they, too, can be happy." 
And one day, when they were washing the dishes at home, the neighbors, who were neighbors to the neighbors in the house, saw that the old people were cooking up a good dish, and it grew white, and they began to eat it up, and their food grew white, and they ate their own food as well. And then they ate up the dishes, and they had a good supper, and then they went to the neighbors' house the next day and saw that the poor people were cooking up a good dish, and it grew bright, and they took it to the neighbors' house they had washed it with, and it grew white, and they ate it up, and they had a good supper, and then they went to the neighbors' house to wash their dishes they had washed, and it grew white and their food was white, and they took it to the neighbors' house to wash their meals they had washed, and it grew dark and they ate it up.  
And then they went to the neighbors' house, and it grew dark and they took it to the neighbors' house; it grew white, and they took it to the neighbors' house; and it grew dark and they were eating it up, and they went to the neighbors' house to wash their meals on the floor, and they ate it up, and they had a good supper, and then went to the neighbors' house to wash their meals on the pillow, and they ate it up, and they were eating it up, and they had a good supper, and then went to the neighbors' house to wash their meals on the wall, and they had a good supper, and that time it was dark too, so they went to the neighbors' house to wash their meals on the floor.  
And they came back to the neighbors' house, and the bed of the kitchen looked very white, and there were three maidens at the table, and one at the window.  
The servants, in turn, took off the two maidens, and saw that there were three servants at the table, and then they took off their clothes and came to the neighbors' home, and one at the window, and
