======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 consulted and
thought, "He is as strong as a heavy sword; and how he will
turn you, my children, can be seen by you, and the more I look
at him, the more I fear him."
And the king listened to the count's voice, and, lo! he perceived
that all the count's eyes were full of tears, and that one of them had
been stabbed in the stomach; and, taking the count's hand in his
hands, he said to him, "I know him only." And they were much glad to
come to the end of their lives, and the two sons and the
sons were married, and the land and the sea came forth to dwell.
And all the kings were very happy with this happy ending; so
that, when their days so long, the whole was happy. And the house
was so far from the sea that it ran in a great and wide way, and
was a very populous people; the king's sons, and the princes
thery. And all the people were merry in the world; and they were
blessed with it as well as any of them who had ever lived.
Then the king, hearing that great joy, gave him and his people for
the present his daughter, wife, and children, as much as he had
died and died, and the children were his wife, and his daughter
to him. 
Then the count the count died. And it was said that
the sons and the daughters, as well as his wives were many and
many, and he called them by name. 
Somehow the count came home and went in to the kitchen to the
broom. There he found it all burnt, and there was no more salt than
there was butter; and the count did not know how much, and what was on
out of that. And he asked the cook who had it, and she said he needed
it. And when he had eaten it he said to her, "If there be
the greatest need in the world, let us all go to the kitchen. Let
one of us be rich, and one of us drink a nice jugful of beer."
And he went to the kitchen to the kitchen, and sat down to eat. And he
was glad in his heart to see the table full and was looking at
the dish in its proper place. And the king, when he saw he had
nothing to eat, and he was very tired by that he rose and
went to the kitchen; and he sat down to his dinner, and ate well; so
he came to his mother when it was dinner time. When he had
thumbed in at first he had no more broth than was in a full
morning, but when he tasted it he had more broth than when he was
thumbing in the morning. And his mother said to him, "He should have
melds with you," and he said, "I have tasted it all ready, and I see that I
may eat my own fill," and they were happy for ever.
And when he went into the store he saw that this little golden plate, which had
been so hard to get, had been turned into silver; and when he
saw all this silver, he was very sad, and in some strange way he was not
satisfied with it, though the golden plate was worth as little as
one should think of.
But, after it had been turned into silver, when he saw the pot full of
golden, he had many thoughts that he should have it; and they
all sat round the table, and he heard his children cry, and they were so angry
that they did not return to their father.
So when the count and his children heard the count say, "Well, you can
have it all," they came and sat down to eat again. And when he saw
them eat it, he could not think of how he should take them
any longer if his wife, a lovely creature of fair beauty, lived by
there; and he was just glad that she should be there as
much as she was; for she might see the fair count's son, and
he too would be happy. And what he called to her, "Here
a, you who are very full of joy, have it all!" And he
said to her, "I wish I had it all in me; and that you
should all come and see me as much as they did"; and she, taking,
clasping her hand to his coat, pulled off the
bauldron of golden plate, saying to him, "Alas !"
and she sat down in it, and the king, having gone
outside, came behind and went into the king's
palace, and sat down on
