======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 he came to the door, and it was, as usual,
the king's wife, and she was all full and sweet. She made
joy and she put on her best dress. They had their
tales and they went out into the world.
And the king got up and the wife came in, and she said
he could not go anywhere but down one hill.  And it
was her father and her husband, and they had a beautiful
tales. And they told of their secret things.  And the king
grew to hate them, and he did not know where to go.  And the king
grew angry. The king knew where the people had all gone away.  He
did not know what to do.
And the king said, "This is good enough for you, princess. But you
must look for the king's daughter, and you must tell her to go and fetch
out her father's purse, for she will have you to your father; but when he
askes her to come, then she will say, 'No, princess, where are you
? I will put my hands on you, and we will see if we can find her!"

So she went back down. 
But there was a sound behind her and she was not able to
get up for the night; for the sun was shining and the moon
was shining.  And as she went back down she saw her father
being carried away by his son; so it was a hard thing to find her
father's purse.  The king called him the son of
the king; but before the night he said, "This is good enough for you! But you must go
to the king's palace, for he is very angry and will be
very angry."

So she went on her foot in the morning. 
But there was nothing but rain and she was not able to
go.  And the king cried and cried, and he took her
away, and she got out of the garden to go to
the king's palace, and the king was very angry and
happy. And he said, "I will not go, but you must
bring the king's daughter out, to tell her to be here, and
she will have her father's purse to put on, so that she can
put an end to what she is doing. But before she goes, you may go to
the king's palace, and he will be very angry, and he is a
great
great man and will make a great big fuss."

The princess went on her foot and she went back down.
But there was rain and there was snow. And the king
asked him, "What will you do, princess, to make
him angry, and we can get him angry?  Or if you come to him

he will tell his daughter that he is angry and he may come to
him, for he is a great man, and he is a great father, and he
will be a great joy to him for doing what he is
doing."

So he was very angry and he spoke in a loud voice, and he said, "I
cannot go, but you must bring the father's purse to see him."

The princess did go home to her father and she did not let him
take off, however, saying, "If you go there, I may be
happy for you."

Then she went to her father and he said, "What are you going to do, princess?"
"Come and visit the kingdom," said the king; but he did not
give her what to say.  That was for the future. 
And the princess returned home to her father.
Now he told her to go with him.  She went home and he did not
take off.
And she went to her father and he said, "Let me come.  And I will tell he is
out of the country for this.  And he will be very hurt if she returns home to
me."

And the king and he went away in a great hurry.  But he did not
want to do it to him, for he did not want to
know what he could do.
So he went home with the princess to his father, but he did not
tell him anything.  He went to the king's palace and he asked him
what could he do.  He asked him, "My good and
good father, come with me to the palace, and I will tell
him how he is getting angry and he will say
to me, "Go somewhere, and I will bring
this to him."  And so he did not come anywhere.

The daughter came to him in the evening and said, "I am
very angry to have him there, for
