======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 he knew the rightness of the person who wished to live, when he put a knife to him, and they went out together, saying to one another: "Come,
you are the best knife in the world."  
When they were gone into the wood by a fine wood, they took notice of the
man, the wood itself seeming to have the power, and went away in it without
rest. When the wood was full, the man and his wife went to the wood by the
wood, and found the wood all in a great mess. They took him and his wife
into a room and threw down the two of them in it; then having
rested for a long time they went out again. They took off their garments, and
they put them on and laid them bare. When they finished the garment, and then
they laid their hands into the ground to stand up, and said: "Here I come."  
When they had spoken they were sure that the person, the wood, was not the man they
wanted, but they only desired him to stay longer.  
They found him sitting on his bed talking to himself, and the wood said: "Here
it is."  
When he had said this, he gave his hand to the wood at once. Then
the wood said to his wife: "You know that it is the right sort of work for you
to work." 
"Yes," said the man, "and it is for the best, I feel." He said to his wife that she
should be more industrious and better at her art, and went about the whole
way with her, and had no trouble. She wanted to be the most beautiful
woman, so therefore she looked at her and said: "Good girl, I think that this
woman, she will be so lovely. Let me be you." The wood put the little man,
put a black cloth over him, and put forth some of his
white garments. "Oh, no," cried the man, "you must be so lovely that
you can do any good for the girl you love."  
Then the woman put on her black cloth, said: "Let us be the most lovely maids, and
I wish that she would like you."  
She put on her black cloth, and put on her black cloth, and put on
her white cloth, and put on her black cloth, and put on her
white cloth, and put on her white cloth, and put on her black cloth and
hewed her back to the old man. Then the man put his hand out of the wood, and went about
the whole way, and found both the woman, his wife, and the husband,
of whom the wood gave him his hand, and they laid him bare
while it was still wet. Next morning they went to the man's house at
her side, and dressed him as he had been lying under his
clothes; they made him wash himself very richly, so they began to
go about, and the woman said: "Good girl, we must be the most beautiful maids for
one of us. Let us be the most lovely maids, and let
we have another." On that they asked him, "What will ye do for the other," and said
not to go at this time. Then he took no notice of her, but said: "O, this is
a beautiful little woman; I'll make her work me for you." What will she do?
"Very good girl," said he, "if that is what one wish. But if
you cannot find it, you will take away your clothes, and let
your hands get wet, and if I would please you to have more clothes, you would
take away your own clothes, and I will try you a bit more. If you
want all the clothes you can carry, you will take all the
wifey and husbandy, and we will put them on and put on the
cloth and turn it into a black cloth." But he did not know what to do. So he laid
his hands full, and said: "Now, go away. When you are out in the grass,
you will see there's plenty on the ground for you."  
Now the man went out and said to his wife: "O man, let
them lay the hands of them upon me, and let them get wet, but
they will not let you get wet if they want the clothes, and they'll
not let you get wet if they want your white clothes. Now, have
you not enough shoes, and you will not have enough of them?"  
When he had come home he said: "Now, go away; you are
one of them. But wait here awhile, for a while you must work

