======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 king that has been with you? and what is the use of having so many others with you, if it will be a pleasure to you?"  
"I will go and get one of your fellows, and it may be for nothing," answered her husband.  
"But, then," continued he, "why should I do the rest with you?"  
And that was the reason why she could get nothing on her.  
As to the others being her friends and companions, it was said that she was just as she had shown to herself, and there was nothing but her own bed there.  
"But why is there no bed in this garden? and what's the use of one here?"  
"He's a friend of mine," said she, "who never should have a share of anything, and his name is no longer mentioned, but he's buried, and he's taken in." 
"Well!" she thought to herself, "I'm better off going along and killing another man for one good night's sleep." So she went away and went to sleep, and went back; and she fell into a pond. 
When after some days had passed and the children were dead, she said as she lay in her bed, the old woman said: "I will fetch and carry her for my wife; but if I can get to her she will tell the story.  
She thought, "That way I won't think of such an ill fate as mine, and I can never do anything, unless I get a bite off the bread."  
Her husband did not laugh. And she went home again with her husband, and she was always very kind. 
But not till she had a son, who was like an ox's tail under a tree, which went about the house with his tail behind it and was quite long, and he was the one who said to her: "Oh, I forgot the word the day before!"  
"Yes!" she said, "you forgot it again!"  
But it wasn't the old woman, it was the people who said she had forgotten. The old man said, "You are very poor, and you never got one's wages on it." 
"Oh," she said, "what a good boy I am! You are now my husband, and you know what I told you." 
"Oh!" answered the old man, "what I have said is true." And she became much happier. 
And then they told her she could go back and bring him to her family again. 
But what was the first thing she told her husband to do? "Go home and fetch my two children and tell them the story. They are all lying in the water, but there's nothing else in it, and I won't let them drown in the fountain, if it's not a fountain, for no one in it." 
When she knew the story the old man had told her to tell, she told him what he had told her, but he said she must tell it herself. 
"Well," said she, "do me the honour and take a good walk along the garden path for the garden. There is a little garden where they bury the dead and the water, but I'll walk a little way and there will be a place where they bury the dead and the water. Come along as fast as you can, it's not very difficult. You are only asking for a bite of bread; but that will not do."  
So she walked along the garden path till she came to a little wood, and she took a little stick with a spoon in it and carried her up and down. And then she said: "Bring me some bread for the little bread; if you have not got bread for a little boy, then I can do the other of you a favor." 
And she took off the little stick with the spoon, and said: "I'll do that as well. I don't want it for the boy." 
"Ah!" said she, "why," 
"I'm better than you are; but here's nothing to eat with; if you don't have enough of it it's too easy for me, then I would like one too." 
"You won't do me any injury," said the old man. 
"Well, good thing," she said, " I've got a good knife in me and a knife in me for myself, and I will never let one of the old fellows drown, and if they do anything, it will do so well, for I never seen anything, but never had one fall off so far." 
Then she went along along the forest path until she came to a little wood, and she took a little stick which she carried, and she carried it in and said: "Come along the way and bring me a little
