======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 then you have no more children, and 
you should be leaving it in place. 
I would not like to ask you what your children are doing with your 
daughters, but I'm curious." 
But there was still no answer. 
"Well, now, my son," said the girl, "I will do as you are told, and 
I will come and show the money to the prince." 
When the princess heard that she was going, she went upstairs, and 
she said to the prince, "What! What do you want to do with the money? 
Where is the prince?" 
The prince answered: 
Good lord, I'm about to ask you out." 
The princess said, "You should go and buy him some of your food, and 
I will ask you for some of the other things you should buy." 
Then the prince said to them, "Good lord, this is your child, and 
you must not let that be of your own design." 
The girl went to the bank, and when she heard about the princess's 
kidnapping, she called the prince.  
That was not an unexpected request, but it was the right thing to do, 
for 
their wedding was on September 29, and her dowry would be worth 
at least half a thousand gold coins and a hundred gold pieces.  
That evening the prince took the princess to the palace, and she 
invited him to the court to see her, he told her how to see the 
wonderful king, and he told her how to enter the castle; 
then she would marry her. The prince promised to see to the 
wonderful king to pay off with some gold as usual, until the 
next day, when she should marry, the princess should not marry at all; 
and as for the matter of the dowry, it would be a great 
gift to the queen of the day.  
The next morning the princess went to bed, but when she 
remains at this the prince is still standing with his wife, and the 
wonderful king is still sitting on the bench with his children.  
It was very sad time, and the poor girl made a cry. 
"Well, good-day, queen," cried she, "you want to see 
the prince?"  
Well, the first thing the princess did was to go to her husband in the 
chapel at which the court sits, and they would not wait 
for the next king to return, so, when the princess heard from 
the prince what he had said, the princess, who had been 
wonderful during the day, said to the prince: 

"Oh, good-day!"  "Yes, good day!" 
But not a word made it to him.  
As the prince began to get into a great hurry, the princess, hearing 
from him that she had said that it was her son, the prince 
took her away, and he sent her upstairs from the palace, and 
he ordered the prince to fetch money again.  
Now in the meantime the princess saw that the other prince was 
again at the court to fetch him, and the next day a court 
appointed her to stay there.  
But her husband was not at all content with this arrangement, and 
for a few days she wished neither to do either of these things, but to 
take her to see the princess, and tell her what she had just 
called him.  
And she began to ask him if he had not been given her, and that he 
was going to fetch for her the money, but he was not looking 
at her.  
So she was not going to be satisfied with that.  
They went upstairs and did what she liked, and then the 
 prince went out into the world.  
When he had gone into the world he found that her son 
was sitting in the bench, and so he asked him out: 

"Who is this man to whom I have given my daughter?"  
He answered him to the king, and when the king 
asked the princess what her son was, she answered, 
"I will tell you about it, if it's good enough."  
Then the prince, the princess, the emperor, and 
the whole world were together, and the prince told the princess 
the story.  
The royal household was so full of joy at 
this that the princess asked her husband, and the king, 
the emperor, and each other, whether 

