======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 and ran to look and find him?  
"I know the way," answered the stranger; "the road will turn up." 
 
The stranger went. There he found an old woman, and, as soon as he arrived a large herd of sheep. Now he saw that sheep were coming up to the wall. And he felt very frightened. He ran to find out what sheep were coming up the wall. The old woman was lying down, and when he looked her up he saw the little white sheep; and she was so little that there was nothing in her body but the sheep's skin and wool. His heart beat fast, and he thought of his father and brothers and sisters and parents and all the animals in the forest, and all the people, and all that lived along the road; and he looked down on the hill. And when he did this, he heard the little farmer and his people talking. The old woman was lying down before him; and when she saw her father and brothers and sisters and sisters and parents and all, and all that lived along the road, she cried out for him and his son and all the people, and all the creatures of the forest.  
One of them was crying, "Mother and father, why do you weep all this time?"  
"Why don't you look?" asked the farmer; and he looked at him, and he said to him, "Look! Look! You weep all these many times. Look! You weep!" 
 
And on they said to each other, "Father, mother, mother, father, look at the sheep. Look! I weep as well. Look at the sheep. I weep, and weep, and weep, and weep, and weep, and weep. The sheep is weeping too. But look at the sheep, its blood is flowing out of its mouth and its bones are moving. Look! Look! Look! The shepherd is crying to his brothers and sisters, and to his mother and father, and to their father and mother, and to their mother and father, and to their sisters and daughters and their brothers and sisters, and to their uncle and his sisters, and to his nephew and his cousins, and to his aunt and her sisters and her sisters, and to her aunt and her sisters and her brothers and sisters, and to her aunt and her sisters and her sisters and her brothers and relatives; and they are weeping."  
And on he went. He found that the sheep were moving, and his heart began to beat. And he heard his neighbors cry. And he was so frightened and so afraid that he didn't know what to say to them. Then he looked up for the two and the four; and he came to the little shepherd. 
"Look! Look! Look!" he cried, and he looked at him. And the shepherd said to him, "Father, mother, father, look at the sheep! It is crying all the time. Look! Look! Look!" 
And the shepherd said to him, "Father, daughter, look at the sheep. It is crying." And the little shepherd said, "Mother, mother, go! Look! Look! Look! I will eat the sheep, father-and-son, and they will laugh at me." And so they went, and looked at the sheep, they laughed, and they laughed, and they laughed, and they laughed. And they cried, and they cried, and they cried, until they came to the little shepherd, and the little shepherd said to him, "Mother, mother, mother, father, look at the sheep! It is crying all the time. Look! Look!" and his brothers and sisters cried, and their brothers and sisters cried, and they cried, and they cried, and they cried, until they came to the shepherd, and the shepherd said to him, "Mother, mother, mother, father, look at the sheep! It is crying all the time. Look! Look! Look! I will eat the sheep, father-and-son, and they will laugh at me." And he went, and looked at the sheep, and he looked at it. It was crying all day and night: and it cried and cried, and it cried, and it cried, and it screamed, till the shepherd said to it, "Mother, mother, mother, father, look at the sheep! It is crying all the time." And he had a big goose cry, and it cried, and it cried and cried, until the shepherd begged him. And he cried, and cry. And he cried, and cried, and cried until his goose flew to the field, and it cried, and it cried till it came to the hill and cried, and it cried and cried, till it came to the house; and it cried and cried until they came to the shepherd. And they came to the little shepherd, and they asked him, "Mother, mother, mother,
