======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, I see what you see here. Take the child in your hand and carry the girl away, for you see nothing more than a child carrying a box of meat!"

"Where would that be?" asked the girl.

"A cow, I can see a cow with his head down."

"Where," said the girl, "it's a donkey! Well, I can see a donkey with its head to its back! And that is the same thing as if you were carrying a donkey for your friend."

"What shall I say?" said the girl.

"I don't know what you are doing," said the donkey.

"Where are you going that morning, my friend?" asked the girl.

"It's an animal, just like your dog. What are the chances of them catching you?"

What shall I say?

Why are you going back?" asked the kid.

"How can I say that? The donkey will give me no trouble."

Then the boy said, "You'll need to go out and eat one of these things."

"Come on," said the girl, "and tell the big one you want us to see when your friend comes over. It'll make our day."

"Where are you going on that morning, my friend?" asked the bullfrog.

"It's your friend, he can't catch you."

"Where are you going that morning on that Sunday?" asked the donkey.

"My friend, he'll catch you!" said the girl.

"I'll get the little one, if there's anything that can give him the pleasure of getting a bite that he already knows."

"Are you going from here?" asked the big one while he was going on.

"No, I'm not going to catch you."

"Where is your friend going tonight?"

"He can catch me and then I'll give him a ride over."

"What shall I say that?" said the lady.

"You'll have to go out and eat one of these things."

"Oh, my friend, if you'll stop in front of that little one and ask that, he'll catch you."

"And why should it make him catch you?" asked the girl.

"If I were not going out and eating a little one, you would have the pleasure of getting in a few bites," said the donkey, "but if he has a few bites he's still not a good boy, so I've got to go home and eat one of these things."

The girl said, "I'll show him to your friend, and when he comes back we'll eat them together."

"Where are you going?" asked the donkey.

"I'll go to the farm where your friend is. I can see him, and then he'll catch me."

"You better go and eat one of these things, because my friend has enough trouble with his tongue."

"Where are you going that evening?"

"Well, I'll come into the barn just now, and he'll throw the pig off. He won't catch me."

"Let's have a good supper then," said the girl; "or we'll have a good supper now with him, because as soon as he comes I won't catch him again."

The girl had to go out and buy a donkey, and the girl's friend told her what they wanted.

"I'll give you one of those things," said the girl, and she went.

The little one, who was going to go on to buy the donkey, and the girl's friend was coming, "and I won't go, if he'll get him the one of these things that makes him catch me," she said.

"But I can see him, and why should he catch me?" said the donkey.

"Then, my friend, I'll give him one of these things."

"What shall I say that?" said the pony, and then the little girl, and they went off to buy the little donkey. Meanwhile the cow girl had to go in the barn, and the goat girl, and she got some good bread and a small dish to eat. When they had finished they went off to buy one of these things. And the little one got up there with a bit of bread and said, "Hey, let's go get some and try to get some of your mother's bread."

"Yes, dear girl," said the girl.

And the thing happened, and they went to buy the little cow girl and the little one, and they went off to buy some of their mother's bread and made a dish and had a little dish and had a little dish and took some of them down to the house, and
