======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 a large number of mice, which had been sitting there, and were looking at the earth, and looked into it, and at the stars, and at the clouds and the stars which were passing by; and some of them were sitting down in the hollow of the earth, and others fell down to their knees.
 
One day this great bird, who had long lived in those places, went on a journey to visit family and friends, but there he fell a dead end, and the only thing that could save him was a good little egg that he had put in his mouth and ate. Now he had only a couple of eggs of which some had been stolen.  

One morning, when he was looking at the earth with his mouth open, he told the old boy not to eat his eggs. When it fell into his mouth his eyes looked up. They were full, and he began to cry, but he had not spoken. He must have fallen into a dreadful sickness, for he had grown up with the egg, and he couldn't speak with a straight voice.

The old boy had a very large hole in the ground where his eyesight had failed him. He went into the room, then shut the door, and stood before the window, because he thought that the earth was quite full of children, but he could not speak. Not only this, but he had also a pair of yellow caps on his nose, but they had been dropped from his head. He was in a terrible agony, and was in a terrible grief. He made a hole in the earth from the top of which he could not take any hold, and in a very instant he said to his wife, "Oh, you, you old man, that was a beautiful piece of food!"

When she came out she found the poor little boy lying dead on the ground. When she went to the fire to extinguish it, she found that he was the only one alive, and that he had never seen any birds more beautiful and beautiful.

And when the fire was up again, she brought him again out into the deep, just as he was lying dead there before him. Again he cried, and it frightened him a little; this time she sent for a helper so that he could tell her to come with her, and as she was driving home, he said to her, "Look, look, see! I cannot stand myself on the ground as I was sitting here. Look, my wife, look at me, there is nothing here that does not feel like a beautiful piece of food."

"Oh! my wife!" cried out the boy, "I have never tasted anything so fresh as this."

"If you are afraid, stay the night beneath the tree, for I will find you a helper." 

Then he told her who he was.
When the helper opened the tree he found the boy dead. Then he took her by the shoulder and tied him to his feet, and laid him in a large basket with the bones of the eggs; and when she was all dressed up, she carried him inside the hole, and he lay down beside the fire and slept.

So the good old man made his way back into the garden, and he came to a huge fire, where the little boy was buried. So he set his hands in the fire to extinguish it, and he laid out on the ground and waited to see if he did not come up to the top of it, so that he would not die while sitting there. He opened the fire and found it, and on the floor was the eggs. When they floated to life and were all cooked, he went into the fire and made the first meal, but there was nothing to do with it. It then began to thaw and it became a hard boil. The fire was very hot, and the stove was boiling, and it did not burn for long.

The poor boy fell to the ground, and the fire began to burn. The woman called him into the garden, and he asked him for a piece of bread, but he gave it to her, and went out into the garden to the place where the stove burned with the ashes. The boy did not know what to do with it, for he was so tired that he could not eat all of the bread. The woman came and told him that her husband had put them down and placed them up. He did not look at her, and when he looked at the fire, it was burning very hard, and it was burning all of itself.

Then the woman came and asked him if she would give him some more milk, because she needed it.

"Why should I give you some of my butter?" said he.

"Why should I give you some of my butter?"

"What is the value of which milk you are giving me?" 

"I am giving it to you because a little girl died."
