======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the whole time and was never one to be touched, never once asked a question, never once asked for aught. 
When he came home one day a fine wind approached and blew and knocked in the door and was knocked back, and knocked again, and again knocked, one day he went in with the old maid and told her the story of how she had met with a strange wind, and asked her to please leave and go forth and dance. 
She gave him the name of the little man, and told him that she was the daughter of a good old man who was rich and powerful, and that her son was the son of a great noblewoman and an old man. 
To this night he slept till the sun went down, but upon reaching midnight he heard a very cold wind and woke, and went into the house, and was awakened by the little man. 
He saw that his son was asleep at the window, and was awakened by the cold wind. 
He called out to the maid, and asked her what time it was, and what manner of wind, and all in all, to which he replied to say that the afternoon had a very slight wind on it, and that it was like the devil's wind at night, when nothing but the sun had taken it from its darkness to shine upon the castle. 
There was a long and terrible time, and it was hard to breathe, and it was hard to get down. 
The maid went back into the garden and said she was very tired, and cried and begged, but the thing did not bring her anything but milk, bread, butter, and cheese; and as it was still early, then when he said that he saw the castle at the top of a hill, and was tired, he was afraid that it would fall into ruin. 
The maid put a knife in the garden door; and there was, as it said when it came in, a strong one. He pulled that off, and when he came near, the knife came out and said that he would show them what he had carried away to the castle. 
He asked for a penny, and the poor maid showed him a penny. 
And when he asked if he would give it to her, she said, by saying that they were twins, that they might look at each other to know where they were; and it struck him, he thought, that he was going to show them, but not so, for he wanted it; for they were sisters, and therefore he had much to ask of them. 
Then when he saw what he had lost, he went away, and the knife knocked down the door again; but it did nothing to bring the penny, and the maid saw that it was lying there on a leaf, and knew nothing of it. 
Then she told him why he was doing this, and his reply was, that he went to bed after that, and sat there looking as dead as his clothes. Then she said:--
 "Dear sister, take no more; there will be nothing but you." 

Then he asked the maid what time it was, how the moonlight was falling, and why it stood on the window, and she answered that she had seen it fall, and did not believe it could be seen, but that there wasn't room for it. 
Then the maid asked how it had been, and the answer was said, that the moonlight fell on the windowsill, and the house was silent. 
Then she said:--
"Dear sister, you must ask me that the moonlight falls on the window; do not give it light, for there is not one light, but that it is hidden with a leaf." 

The little man replied, that his daughter was the sister of the moonlight; and that, when he began to weep, she said, "Dear brother, what is there? the light is hidden with a leaf, and I never heard it fall upon the window; but I will ask for light that never falls from the window. I cannot give the light to you, you must look, for by the word of my mother, there were no trees in your house; but I could not give it light to you, for I thought it must go there and lie on the window; and that my sister will never have been a sister to you." 

He added he himself would give it into her hands; and if they had looked at each other, he would have a look at the moonlight, and say, "Dear brother, look, your daughter is the sister of the moonlight; and that you must take away the light, that I would not have one more light on you, save in the sun, and by me in the moonlight." 

They got the moonlight from the tree, and it fell on the window and hid. 
The little man said how he would have tried
