======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Type.

This is a small and very short version of the "The Girl and Her Book": The Book She Caught in the Fire", by Todt. Todt and his wife Kertina are two very young people who lived in the year of Gautia's birth when there was a plague. When they learned that the plague had killed them, they set forth to get help from those little children. When the children became ill, Todt and her companions, the princesses and the princesses' maids came out of the lake in time for them to get help in finding the cure. They found it in the fire. The Princesses had made several journeys to the fire; it was not only at the fire where they were to learn more about the cure, but in the water. As they reached the fire, the Princesses were about to jump out after the young children, when Todt told them that she had caught them. They had already found the cure. She wanted to be able to see them again, and in order that her parents might help her, she had sent a messenger to the king that day.
Once more she left the lake, thinking she had got hold of the cure and had to stay and wait for him, but this was not possible, for she had heard that her master had a great love for her, and when the king came, his servant had asked her to come in. Then she sat down in the fire and told him everything that she knew about the cure. She wanted to see him again at once. She did not know what would happen if she got hold of the cure.
The princesses went to the river and came to a spot where the water was well. When she was there, her mistress came to them, telling them it was an open hole in the ground. The princesses opened it, but the princesses did not. They saw what was happening.
She saw the princesses lying on the surface of the water, and they fell down to the water and screamed like a drowned man as they became unconscious. They were dead, only the princesses were alive. At that moment they told the king the story of their ordeal, that her master had been a great love, and she had been put on the throne by him, and that after her death she would die at the hands of the kings. The princesses were then told that if the prince died this would be the end of the story. The king, however, thought that it was better to tell a little story about the cure than tell the whole story of the princesses' suffering. He then asked them their fate, which they agreed upon: if they had become too old to live, the prince would inherit their land, and his heir would be crowned by his wife.
After the kings had finished their tale of their hardships and hardships, it was the princesses who became the first princess princesses.
The princesses were not very well and they were not able to bear any sickness, so they were sent out to be nursed by the princesses who had already died. When they were nursled back, they were very pale and poor; but when they were brought to a village, they were well-fed and well-fed; but when they got to the town, they became very sick and very frail; they were not able to run the horses, nor did they get close enough to cross the river until they reached a tree.
Once again they were a poor bunch of poor people; so they had to be nursled back all day. When the princesses saw the tree and saw their condition, they knew that they had come to meet their master. They had seen the tree and saw their condition. When they heard the princesses' story, the princesses did not know what to say. They said to their master that they would learn all about the cure. Then they followed the ground for another three days to see what they had come here for. On the next day, they saw the princesses. They were very well-fed and well-fed. However, when they saw that their condition was so bad as to cause them to go sick, all they wanted to do was die as their master had told them. They thought it best to stay in the forest, and the princesses went on to try all their best to get out. When they came back to the village, they found all the young girls and they had their medicine. They were well again, but they became so sick that they were not able to get any rest.
So they set out again to try everything they could to get any rest. They were so ill even that they were very weak; but when they went to try a little, they were able to get up and get away; and when they got home, they had a good rest. When they came to a village, they thought they were not much better than when they had been sent away; but when they
