======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 of the Jews. And they put her to the king. And he said to her, "She will kill that Jew if that Jew pleases." And she killed the king, and they sold the king, and went back to the land of Canaan, with her.
So she was sold, and she made a husband, and the two sons of Canaan bought her and gave her to them. And she lived in peace. And they gave her to her husband; and the king gave the kingdom to her; but he cut off her heart from the sword. And the king was ashamed. And he cried out, "Bless us, this wicked mother!" And she took another sword, and the sword she cut off; and they made a husband, and the two sons of Canaan bought the wife and gave it to them. And all the people loved her. And she lived in peace and peace. And they gave her to her one son, and she set her in the house and put him out of her way, and she took him off again, and he came out of it again, and he kept on going. And her one son came and said, "My lord, let me have your son, that will kill you." And the king gave him up. And when her brother came to her, and she said, "My Lord, my one son will kill me," and the king took his sword and gave it to him. And they took it and made a husband and gave it to her; and they married the one son and married him up, and the other to her, and she lived in peace and peace. And when her father's daughter came to her, she told her, why she was made queen, and said, "My dear lady, I have given you a son to have." And the other daughter, and the two daughters of queen were with her. And the king gave her again to his wife, and she took another, and took her again to her husband. And they married and lived the night together till she gave birth to her first son; but she never gave birth to her second; and, when she got to the third, the third son, and the father and mother of her son, went out to her, and the people wanted to take her by the hand.
And so they put her to the man whose wife was no sooner born than the third son was born. And the mother of her child was in the house when she was born, and she took her again to the king. And he had said to her, "Woman, you are more than a child, or else be put to a different world. Let us build a new kingdom which we will keep in peace and good health." And she said, "Woman, you are more than a man, and I have taken your son, and I have become your wife, I have become your firstborn; but you are a slave to the queen." And he said unto her, "Woman, my king. Now I have taken your son, and not made you my queen; and you are the sister of the queen." And she gave a little child to her, and took him. And the king gave her a son as his queen; and said to her, "What child are you! how do you speak this, son of king?" And she answered, "My son came from the king in the city. I told you how I have taken your son, and you did not know he was mine. You have taken him, and told him what you wanted to do, and did not know he was my own wife. But now I feel as if I have destroyed the kingdom of God and the people, and have given them up out of a desire to marry me!"And the daughter of king did as she had said, and said, "My son, I have taken him, and he has driven the people against the house of God. Take care of yourself." And so the king gave her up over the city, and in the following day took her to the king that he might come and save her from his fear. And the king took her, and she had a good life. But she did not wish to remain, for she did not wish to be married, and did not want to be married unto him. So she had a bad life, and she made a husband. And they married their children.
And the queen's sister did as she had instructed her sister, and the other children of them, and the king did as his own father had ordered. And the next day, the king's sons came over from the land of Canaan, and saw that he did not marry out of fear, and said unto them, "I have taken your son, and the other children have taken you up; but you did not know him was mine." And they did as their father had ordered. And the next day the king of Canaan came to the land of the kings; and the two kings lived as they had
