======== SAMPLE 1 ========

The king, perceiving nothing, was much inclined
to get rid of the animal, when it entered with its teeth at the
front, and he thought it his duty to set an end to it. In the
beginning of one day, the man saw three oxen running through his
window when he came across the king's donkey.  As he was
wonderful at his master's hospitality, he told the peasant lord what had
seized him, and how he had discovered him and had seized the king,
whom he had driven out in search of his donkey.  And he said to
him, "Good evening, friend king, and I am terribly sorry to
you, for the misfortune which my friend had brought you by a dream.  I
have learned that while you were in the country, my friend was a
deteriorative and a good-for-nothing man, so I am thinking that if you
were to try your fortune upon me I should make you a king." 

He answered them, "I will not do such a thing.  Whenever you are
bewitching or insulting me, go into exile and leave the kingdom
here, and then I will make an end of you, and that will give you
the good fortune." 

The peasant agreed to all this, and he set off.  The king went
with him, and the king did not know where to begin.
The king was very pleased when he found the donkey.  He called to
him, "Friend king, I am quite happy with thee!"  He made
a feast and went over to the king's kingdom.  The good king was very
delighted, but one thing was certain.  There lived a king who had a son
called Aikido.  He had not been married for twenty-seven years,
but a girl had already come to him with two little girls and said
to him, "Friend brother, you were my little sister; you should
have been married to my daughter, but I want nothing to do
with yonder.  I want nothing more but to live for the life
you have here, and in return I will marry you."
This was the end of the king's life for the most part.  He
was very weary, and had never had an appetite but did not
have all the food he was craving, so he went out and put them the
food which the princess had brought him. 
They ate it very carefully, until,
so they claimed, and I cannot tell you what they ate; but
you have to imagine that they had as much of each of them."
At this the good king was so angry that he cried that he
might as well have slain them all.  Then they made up their minds to make
other a choice, and one of them took a bite of his
bread.  He was so furious that he would have killed them all, but
it must be said that the whole group of the fairies was very
thick and were quite fat.  But they took him out as a pig to feed
them, and it did not do to eat him at the moment.  When all
that had come to light, a great uproar was heard all over the
town.  Somehow, the whole town was in mourning, and they all
laughed about the king's misfortune, and all of them, especially the
femme that had gone with him, were so pleased with that. 
And after all that they had spoken to each other, they said in this way. 
"Let us talk," said the good king, "about the future.  When
we have talked on a certain thing, it must be stated that there is
a certain
promise which you cannot fail to make in the future.  I cannot fail
to sign this promise.  I have already set out for the future.  I
have promised to work for the future and be king.  But you
are not to sign it.  You can be king." 
The good queen agreed, and the good king did so, too.
And when the king was gone he told his two daughters to
become king.
But she was not an ordinary girl.  One of these two
youngest daughters had
been a child and was now a woman, and she was beautiful,
but she was quite ill, who kept saying to her father, "Do
herra, if you would become the mother of me, I will marry
you."
 
The king agreed to this idea and said, "But I cannot
be wife to you."  But she said that this would not be
very pleasant for her.  So she said to her husband, "Dear
wife, do not tell me what I will do
