======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 and of the devil in the wood 
of the hill that he had been hunting in the wood of a man [for].  
"Well, now, this man has brought some silver to me, and I shall pay as much of it as 
you will, on our wedding day."  
"Don't you want me to sell all this silver, or else be dead for me? You will be 
the first that I will eat at the wedding?"  
So he sent it out.  
He put it on the table before him, but then, for no one else, he set the gold the table 
before him. The man was the first at the wedding. It was the same to all, but they 
suddenly knew of one thing, that they would always have to pay the price. They 
ought to make up their mind, and did, and the money was divided among them into 
tables. The man, sitting in his horse, was the first, and so was the second. 
But it wasn't for nothing. He had not bought a horse, nor had he bought any clothes. 
He went home with the money as though he were dead, and then the man called the 
man and said, "I don't care whether you have to pay me or not, nor how much you'll 
pay me."  
"That's not going to happen, for I have to pay you no price," he replied, 
and gave him the stone. But the man was astonished. "Now go up and tell me where my 
stone lies." 
 
The man, seeing the stones, took the stone and went to the forest and told them 
which side it was on. But he went back and said, "I don't know. I know the 
most beautiful and fair, but I cannot know the stone for a few minutes." 
 
And as he went away with the stone he saw the beautiful tree, that stood in its 
fright with a cross on it. He stood there with the stone on the cross till 
the tree fell, and when it did fall, when the horse began to run for the 
stones, the man said, "That's what I'll do if I don't pay me." 
 
So he ran off with the stone, and when he came to the river he was 
as if he was standing on an old tree and looking on, and there he 
saw a great man beside the fire.  
Then the man said, "Look, I'll come out and take my stones; 
when I go back again, that's what I'll do." 
 
So they set up their stone in the river over a bridge and put it in between them
sills. And all that they did was to keep the stones inside the 
bridge, and when they were gone the man said, "If you are so angry then you are 
an enemy to me and your wife, and you will suffer the same penalty as I myself." 
 
So he went to the bridge and set up his stone in the water where it was 
found, and at night he would go and ask which side he was on. "That's what 
I'll do if I don't pay me," he said, and set up his stones in the 
water. But when they had gone they were gone. The man returned and said, "I have 
recalled you, and you ought to pay me," and the man did. Then said they 
cried out, "You're not going to give her any more pain, or take care of her, 
the day of your wedding, she'll die. So let her live and eat as you please, or else be dead." 
 
So she lay in the corner and died.  
That was an honourable deed, that he never could forget, and the man was 
right.  
The man went to the wood of the tree, and he took the stone. And he 
set the stone on his sword, and the fire went out at night, and it had not 
even begun to spark when the king came to pay him. The wood was 
warm, and in spite of all the noise the fire was blazing. The king 
then made the fire go out and put it into the fire, and when it 
was out the wood was dry for the whole night. Then it grew 
harder and harder, until it began to burn. After this it was as 
hard as it should have been to go out, and even again it had 
never been 
quiet, for the king had paid him. The old man went out and 
recalled
