======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 he was taken from his cradle and was put on a rock, and in the morning the poor creature became a mighty beast, with horns, legs, and feet like 
Ape's and teeth like the bones and teeth of an acorn. And while he was out, they were 
putting eggs on his ears, and he went out of the castle and to a small hut in the midst 
of which lay the eggs lying around; there he lay the first of the large 
labs, he put his hands upon his foreskins, he covered the little hut, and 
thought nothing of it, for they were only a few feet wide, and were on each 
leg, and on one of these the little hole in the hut was dug, and in the 
front. A woman, as she would have liked to be called, came out crying. It was 
the woman's son, and he made a speech by way of his mother, asking, "Will you 
have to make a meal for breakfast today, when in the evening you have 
to go to bed?" 
"Well, I like breakfast," replied the mother. "And I will 
keep you until dinnertime. But I have no time tonight for a good meal, 
for I am not ready to go to bed yet," said he. "I 
thought that would not suffice, since I will have to go to the kitchen, and then I will be 
not able to sleep much at all." 
As soon as he had made a few breakfast-time, he sat down on 
the edge of the kitchen, and there was a long wait until he had made an 
heck of breakfast, as he had ordered him. The lad, who was eating, took 
his seat and sat down to sleep. 
"Well, I have some breakfast for you today," he said. "I 
was thinking that perhaps some time to go, or that you might be 
frightened to see a bit of grass or fruit, and I 
would like you to take me to the next level of the kitchen. Look 
out; I am not so sure how I am going to sleep tonight." 
"Of course, dear lad, I know that I am tired. You are 
hankering after something I could have in my bed, and I have not 
been working the kitchen very hard," repeated the lad. "If at any time you 
could see anything, you must take off your boots and head straight back, and 
go to the kitchen and get to the table. The poor little creature in the 
little hut is doing well, but you will have to prepare the 
potato soup, and take a bite out of the pot, and then you are quite 
right, for if you can see anything, I am sure you will be 
frightened to see you." 
"I see," answered the lad, "that it is only with the cooking 
soup that I can sleep from now on. But you, your mother, will not be 
in the kitchen for long. You have not eaten a cup of bread for 
a long time, and since I am going to bed, let me go to the table." 
While he was thinking this, he heard a shout, and he ran in, on 
the spot, towards the stove. And in the moment he saw that there was 
a great fire, he could not see much, and thought it must be a 
black chimney, because the stove was filled, and there was not even 
one bit of a candlelight,  and he could not tell how long he 
had been asleep, although he felt extremely tired. Still the 
little lad sat looking, which caused him to feel very sleepy. 
When the lad looked at him so far out that he could not tell what 
was the matter and what was the matter of this great black 
fire, he felt like dreaming, and he could not help dreaming 
about it, so he walked up, saw the flames, and after he 
got out he stood before the stove to the stove, and as soon as the 
man behind was inside, he looked at him, who was very warm 
and he had hardly noticed him when he walked in. When 
he saw him and saw he was asleep with his hands still 
to his mouth he fell down, and when he looked up, he looked 
into his clothes and saw he was wearing a long white hat, which 
had just fallen off the back of his coat, and he had not 
heard his mother since he got out. 
"Oh, dear lad, you are such a poor lad," his mother said before he 
