======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 at home."  
The following morning the housekeeper heard voices approaching from his house, and she felt the fox crying out.  
She quickly ran down the street; but seeing no sign of any fox near anything, she stood there and watched, and watched, till the fox called to her, "O my lord, send to the miller, for my wife and everything shall be done out of the house; he is going to go into my home."  
The fox called, and the mare made a call, and went towards the miller, who was taking his wife out of the house.  
At that spot the fox called again, and he returned, and said, "My lord, if ye go into my father's home I shall see ye."  
And in the morning the fox returned; and as soon as he heard no fox there, he called for his wife back to the house where they were staying, and to her, and he said, "O my lord, send to the miller, for his wife shall go into the house next to my father's house."  
So he sent to the miller; and the miller heard his story, and he said, "I shall send her there."  
And he went toward the fox. And there he said, "Hull, thou goest out of the house and my father's house is coming up against me; I'll go out of it and go to the miller's. What was thy name?"  
And he got into the miller's house and went to the miller's, and the miller said to the fox, "O my lord, send to the miller for his wife and everything that she has."  
The fox did what she was told, and went to the miller's. And the miller came up and said to the fox, "O my lord, send to the miller for his wife. Give her what she wants in return for her son's inheritance. If it be a gift to thee, I will send her and say, 'If thou are good, thou must give thy son back his inheritance as thou haveest it, and in return shalt thou reward him.'"  
And the fox said,  "O my lord, give me the house at my father's house, that thou mayest receive thou from his father in return."  
And the fox went to the miller's house: and the miller came back and said to the fox, "O my lord, send to the miller for his wife."  
So the fox went away, and the fox went to give her the house at his father's house. And the miller took her to the miller's house, and he gave her a large box, and said, "O my lord, give me a big bag to use for a little cat, that thou mightst give thy daughter back her inheritance."  
The fox did what she said. And the miller went with her home to the wolf: and the wolf came to the fox, and the wolf brought a large chest of stones. Then he told the miller to go, and the miller went back to her house to help the wolf. Thereupon she came to the wolf and said, "O your father! give me the wife and everything that she has. I'll send her to the miller's house, because he is going for his daughter, for her father shall become king."   
The wolf said, "I send to the miller for his wife. Give him the money that thou hast, and will he not pay it back to my father who is gone away for the world? He is gone away from her, and will I send him to the miller's house for his wife. Give him the money, and will she deliver him from the devil."  
The wolf said, "O my lord, send to the man she is going to marry with the money that thou hast and will he pay her."   
And the wolf went to the miller's place and told her to go to the man. And the man said, "O your father my lord, send to the man. Send for a wife and the clothes that she has in them."  
The wolf gave the man, and the man told the wolf, and he sent him home with a sack of clothes, but the man was to send her home to the man's wife; but she did what the man told her; and one day the woman had not been home, and the wolf sent for the man. Then the woman sent for the man. Her son came and she did what she commanded.  
But there went forth a wolf, and his daughter went to him and told him what was to be done: and she gave him the clothes.   
The man
