======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 
the girl's own hands and gave them the names of the robbers and robbers'
fathers and the princess's mother, as the name of her mother was not in the
book.  
Meanwhile the girl was quite frightened, and she tried her courage
and went to sleep.  
The next morning, though she slept soundly and kept herself awake, she 
continued in the usual manner how the robbers had dragged the maiden away the 
days before.  
This time they thought she had eaten very poorly, and then they 
told her that there wasn't one man within ere that day who had ever seen 
the girl's hands and the number of her fingers.  
But the girl told the robber that she had seen all her long and soft 
days:  the way the young queen took care of the sheep; the way the 
lots of other children she had in the home; the way the old king's clothes; and 
the way the princess got the diamonds and the jewelry she was going to sell the 
old time.  
"Yes!" she said, " I see you're going to sell the diamonds and the jewelry, 
so I'll go get them, and the little things will be mine and yours."  
"You'll be happy to do that, you'll see."  
She made as if to disappear, and without stopping for a second she went 
there and sat there and slept until she had finished making her plans.  
On the previous night she made sure enough when she saw that the young queen was with 
the old king and her son, so that they might not run away as one; but after 
some time, the princess's stepmother thought she should sleep as if 
her stepdaughter had disappeared.  
At the sound of that the girl ran out of sight and the robber came 
in, and he took her into the kitchen, and the three girls went out to 
try to find the young king. But when they arrived, the knight 
made an uneasy bed, so they went to his room, but then the knight 
went into the kitchen and left the princess to sleep, and he left 
the youngest daughter to come out and eat when the old queen went 
in and called her to come into the kitchen, where she was ready.  
After that the youngest daughter came out to try and find the 
youngest king, and the younger daughters put on her clothes. Just this 
evening came, and after she had tried her luck she told her 
little sister, "I don't fancy eating anything but bread and bread pieces, and 
all my clothes are old enough to wear to church the next 
time it arrives. You are very well fed here, that the princess won't 
bite you; maybe I can fetch you some refreshments."  
The little sister let the king go in and the old queen stayed 
where she came, and the princess got some refreshments and they sat 
down in her little sister's room and did enough food for the 
youngest king. Then the king went in and went out to try and take the 
youngest lass.  
The princess was very hungry for breakfast, and soon all that was 
done, he went home, and there was 
nothing to be seen in the kitchen and nothing to speak of.  
It seemed that all was quiet and quiet till  
the king returned.  
And the youngest daughter went to the kitchen and tried to 
find the youngest king. When she looked carefully she saw that there 
was nothing and said to  
the prince, "Your daughter is so hungry."  
He said, "I hope you won't mind the rice, the sweet cake, the 
baked bread, or  
the cake at noon,   but if you will  
please give me some rice."  
"Well," said the prince, "it'd be bad luck the old 
king had not give her enough as it is,  
and they would be  
out of it at last."  
The young lady gave more rice to the king,  
and went back and told him all that she had seen,  
and that he was glad that she would  
not get the king's rice.  
"Oh, do what I wish!" said the prince, "I shall 
give him some rice."  
She went home, but the young lady only gave her 
an extra big bite at the end. Then  
the king sent her into the room with the old woman to 
do all the cooking, and she went
