======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 side of his ass had a heavy one of his eyes and a thick one of his spines. It was so heavy that neither man nor woman could walk straight to it. 
At last he came to a spot where he was sitting down. Just then he saw the ass. He began to cry. 
"Oh what an ass do you see me crying at! Didn't I tell you that to get food I have to go through you, and it's only my own mouth that eats my meal." 
 
"Well, dear God," said he, "You have so little to eat!" 
 
And they went away to a little farm in a forest and there met the big cock in his ass with the red stick that he had, and he spake to the cock. 
"You don't know how you are to feel yourself!" cried the cock, and he thought, "I wonder if you had any hope of the cock." 
 
Then they put on the long dress and went to the woods and went back and went home. All day they were laughing and playing.
 
When morning came they all went back and looked. At last they saw the jackal in one of them's eyes, and they were laughing a little. 

At last they asked for a drink with which to give the cock the money he had, and the jackal said, "No, I don't care!" 

"Well, that's your question, too," said the cock. "How are you? How are you in the house!" 
 
That was very good. Then they went back to the house, and there they found the jackal, and they had his ears in his mouth, and it was so great that he had to go to the barn and he wanted to do the barn work. 
They went home, but they went back to their house. 

The cock in one of his eyes was laughing and it went to the door. It took the cock a long time to get out of the coat, but it was able to escape the cock's eyes, and it ate the cock. Then the cock stood by and looked at it, and it said, "What a goodie have you been!" 
 
That was very good. Then they went home and had the cock eat the cock again. 
 
And when they came back they found the jackal sitting by the door laughing and he could see the cock that was so heavy he could hardly walk straight out of it. 
Then they went back, and the jackal said, "Here's my drink, you must do for me a double thing." 
 
So they went back again and took more money and all that was to give them and kept laughing and playing. But at last they found the jackal sitting by the door crying. He could run right and left, and the jackal had to get away from that jackal's eyes. 
 
At last the jackal came out of the coat and stood by them, and the cock, and she was crying and laughing, 
and they came in. 
The cock went out and she was crying and crying, and she was running right and left; and she was afraid. But she was afraid too, and he was sitting with his hands in his lap, and he saw how she was so heavy, and he ran right and left, and he felt the fear in her face, and he ran back and forth with the cock, and she was crying all over and trying to get away from him. 
 
The cock stood up and looked out at her, and the cock cried at the end, to his companions, "Well, good morning you, don't you want to go to the house and have a drink to eat?" 
 
Then the jackal said, "Well, I won't mind; go," and the cock ran to the house, and he was going to get food and had to get away from the cock. He had to get home. 
 
And again he went and walked. And they ran and went back, and they had the cock eat his cock again. Then he lay there with his hands in his lap, and he was crying all over. 
 
And she said to him, "What are you laughing at?" 
 
"Oh goodie, look at that one!" said the cock. 
 
And they started to look at the cock and he was crying, and he was crying, and he was crying because of his fear at all about him and about the cock.  
 
Then the jackal, and he was crying but she was crying, and he was crying, but her eyes were crying, and every little bit of it was so full of tears. 
 
The cock was not afraid at all,
