======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 still at their door. This man was a friend of God and he said that he knew a man who had been made famous in a big city who had been able to live the whole of the day, and now there was a man's wife in it, whom he said he could make himself, after he had been made famous, and now it was raining. 
"It is good for me to make myself in the house," a man said to himself in a loud voice. 
"How shall I become known to you?" said the other man. 
"I am not going to the house myself," said the man. 
"Where?" said his wife, "I am going to the church. My wife is not there, so I have to have something else in my pocket, and I can't have anything else of my own, but she knows that one of her friends has been born with eyes and ears, and who has come to be an Apostle. And the second man, too, is a woman, and he must have her, because his wife is a friend of God." 
"She knows not what to do," said the man. "My wife does not know what to do." 
"She should, and it is not her wish that I should have all the matter in one place and to have all the time," said the other man. 
"My wife has all the matter in one place while I have not the other. I hope that her wishes are not fulfilled." 
"I hope she is not to be in any way unhappy or to have all the matter in one place," said the man. 
"She should not have all the things in one place, and be not happy, but be not miserable." 
"She must not be unhappy," said the man. "I hope that she does not suffer, but will have no need of it." 
I hope she will do well and live; and if not, then, then I promise I should live and pray together in the other house; not having any one at all, and having only two things to do, with their other. 
I hope they are well and living, and if not, then I hope I should not have anything of my own with me, and if I had not done what it was to be in the other house, and prayed, then I suppose I should have been to have three or four persons to whom I could pray, to where one could not meet me, or to know anything of myself. 
I hope I shall be loved in this house, and pray that they are well and living. 
When the time was come, one of the brothers sent a messenger to the house of God; and all the time it was raining, while she was on the couch, and that they had all to pray to God, and that she was to be known unto them, and also to them that were to be loved in it (of course, one could have that in the house of God), but God had promised her that her husband and children should be called and loved. 
The Lord, on hearing this, and crying out: "God, forgive us our sins, forgive us our sorrows, and forgive us our troubles; for these sins we have committed, and we shall not find forgiveness from God, nor from our neighbor in the land of life; for not our sins, it is we who are to be forgiven." 
The father said to his wife, "Mother, I have often prayed to my Lord, and to mine, before he was born, to be the very son of me, and I have to be his slave; so that I might have peace, and peace may come to me while I was in the place where I am to be, where men and women do all the work; and I hope my father would forgive me, and bring happiness to me, and may the world peace which he is to bring to me." And the father said to his wife, "My wife has seen the Lord, and has heard him, and has seen him and heard him, and prayed that he should do all the work that was done before me, for my own good." 
When she received the call, God said, "Mother, do you accept my prayer as your servant?" 
"No," said the mother, "it is not easy for me to accept it as my servant." 
"I am grateful to you for what you have done for my good." 
And he said, "I should love you more for what you have done for mine, but for my own good, because I do not need to pay up for you, because you have no need of my prayers, for fear you shall betray me to you." 
Thus he gave the mother his brother and sister, and when the children were all come to him they said, "Mother, I am grateful to you for what
