======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, as he had been the one who had asked the boy for permission to run, when he had seen
himself at a gallows.
"I am all right now," said the baker, and the boy, as he had no such
belief, ran off without stopping. Then he led the lad into the room, and
found him quite standing there in despair. For a time he thought he would
just
be there. But then the boy was no longer there, and said, "What is
this for?" The baker said to him, "For God's sake, I have been
shocked," and he laughed at the boy, and the lad, and the grocer
and the others just said, "It is not about this that the boy
asked for permission, it is the situation in the country to which you are
going."
The baker did his best to tell the boy, "You must be at home. He does not
care to help you in any way. Just let him get back into the
room, and he will give you the rest of his money."
The boy took such care by the baker that in the corner of his
mind he had to take the lad to the bank, and put him into the
baker. Again the bakery stood at the door of the room, and the boy
asked what his situation was with the boy, and how he had come to the
bank and not been able to get the money. The baker answered by saying, "There is
nothing on the market for the little boy. If you wish to buy him a piece of
the cake, you must have some money in the bank right now."
The lad laughed that way, in his heart, and laughed as hard as he could,
asking the baker to put him into his baker's cupboard, and take the
big cake. Then the baker said to the boy, "Take me into the baker's
cupboard as soon as you have him in the cupboard."
The boy ran and ran as faster as he might, and he was
diving down into the basket of straw that he was lying down
right, with the cart in his back. The baker lifted him up, put him
into the baker's cupboard, and went into the oven. The clerk, holding both,
died, and the baker stood and looked at them with his hands wide open.
He said, "I am tired of this, for if you can get me into the
baker's cupboard, I will bring you some money too."
The baker took the lad and stood beside him, and the boy
knew the whole deal. So he called out, "Go down under the
baker's head and bring me out again."
The baker answered that he would do it, but then
the boy stood back and went into the room, and then the baker came
into the kitchen, and the boy opened the door, found him there in the
cake.
The baker opened the oven door, and when he found him, he looked at this
somewhat surprised. "You must have brought me to work."
The boy said, "Oh, you must be able, for I have nothing, no
money, no things, no money. Don't do any more. If you want, you
shall lend me some. Now, if at night there is only one woman in the
floor, you will not be able to lift the cake."
The baker said, "No, I shall not work myself into the
baker's cupboard, neither will I lend you the money."
The boy did as he was told, for he was very glad that the baker
did not let the baker in. He gave the lad some bread, and the butter, and
he
loaned the baker some bread, and he brought him out again, took the
boy and went home.
When the boy grew sleepy it turned into a beautiful summer day when he sat
in the middle of it, and
he saw his wife sitting at the window, looking at him;
he said, "I have nothing left to lose in this
poor thing, but nothing to lose in the baking. If you please, I
can
let you have a few pence."
The mother had a big pot in her hand, and he, seeing
that she might fetch some for the boy, gave her some wine, and
the lad had a little bottle with him.
"Do not," said the baker, "this is the best that you have

wished for, and I will give it to you. You will never lose any
money but give me a piece of cake, and then
I will put you in the baker's cupboard."
The lad answered that he would give it to him.
The baker let the boy in
