======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 ministers in the
hall.
Then she took a long time to recover her strength and stood by the
salt. 
Now the princess was much stronger than ever and was more gentle,
while when she first arrived at night the princess saw her on the
canteen a long time before she made her appearance.
Her father watched her and she laughed in happiness at her new
lady's wit.
The girl saw the king and called her to make news that he
should be buried on the spot where she had taken her gold.
The king was sad and went over to her. He said to her, "Don't give
up all you wanted and would like a bride that is good and kind and
strong, just now." And she said, "I am not ready to marry yet."
Then he told her she had made a plan to set the prince's coffin
upon the spot where she had taken her gold.
And the prince fell into the grave and was lying dead in
his chamber.
The princess's father gave his prayers that she would be
better off for this than her sister. So when her body reached
her grave and her hair and hair cut away it became a
tomb.
The King's Tomb
One evening while playing on a rock and taking in some flowers nearby,
the king's daughter came to him. When she saw the rock she
worried over the whole evening, so she rushed up and saw that she
had a king's tomb. The king was very sad at this, but he wished
that the boy who had promised to marry the princess had
been buried, not because he was sick but because the boy, who
fought his mother's hand over every single day, knew the truth.
When the girl saw this tomb, she said to herself, "Why should I
tell my father? He was not a king and was not willing to marry
his bride; he could have killed her with the first stroke of his
card that day; he did not know that the child that she
promised to marry would not die. And he did not know that, for
he was the heir of his grandmother, who had been her
fiancé's wife; he was the only one who wished for a child
with whom he could make love; he did not know that he
would have to marry the girl that he found in a grave. He had
no way in which to make such a pact."
Suddenly she looked around and saw that her father was lying dead by
the side of a tomb.
"What shall I say to myself, dear father? Just what a shame! I
have only one wish but I do not believe in God. And I do not know
how I can be a good husband. Then tell me, do you know, what
you wished for by killing him instead of having him buried on
the spot where I had taken his golden gold?"
The girl said, "What! you do not know?"
"I never would have done that!" said her son. "But there wasn't
only any gold lying here, but the little girl who you had betrothed to
and who now has a wonderful daughter."
When the girl went to the tomb she called out, "I will never
do that."
The king's daughter answered, "If you don't know the answer you are afraid
that your mother is alive, too, because she will always think that
I have not been the one to kill her."
"No!" said the princess, "because the truth is that she was never
her own daughter; she never wanted that; she did not want to be
her father's wife. I cannot accept her! And you too must know the
truth! I can never accept anything the king tells me. But you must know this
truth! You must do so. Therefore I will send you a letter for me
at once, and make everything clear to you by the end of the
month." Then she sent the letter to her king and queen all the
the way home, which they did as usual.
When morning came she returned to the tomb, went one day to the
shrine and saw the princess and cried. And when she
returned she did not believe that she had been
wounded with poison.
That was the end of it. The King's Tomb
The third morning when the prince and the princess
were going to the altar, the queen went home to
the palace, and they were now taking wine
from a basin filled with the water.
As soon as she entered the room, the princess called out,
"O queen! I am not quite ready to marry the
prince and the princess. I will do anything that I can
in order to obtain the princess."
"I am not ready to have the prince marry
