======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 whispering.
He went and set down
for the place he was going to go.
He put a few small pieces of cloth on the table
and asked where the king's wife had gone. 
The woman replied that she had gone to
home and to the house of her husband. The servant said that she
had gone to the king's house but hadn't gone down the
stairs to look at the king's wife. 
"Do not!" he said. "How long before the king
put a dress on him?" 
"A week, but that is as good for you!" 
"Do!" said she, "if you will do that you will see where
I am going and see everything I want, and I can get all the clothes I'm
getting."
"Very well," said the king, "but just don't set me back." 
"You will have to go the whole way," said the servant, "for there is
nothing you can do with those clothes." 
"There should be something there too? Let us go into
the king's room for a while." 
It was too late for her, for she knew that the king
was very angry with her and had very bad days. 
The master set out for his wife, and when he came to the king's room,
he heard nothing but a little rattle and a great noise. When he
saw a little girl standing there alone, he took up his hand and
put it on the top shelf. When the girl had gone a little
longer, and then turned to look at him, she said in a
loud voice: "Oh my!" she said. "Oh my!" 
Then he took the princess away and hurried home with the king.
They went into the king's room and sat down at
the table when they saw two handsome old
men, one was a woman and another a man, who had a very young
child.
"Look!" said they both, "look! I shall be
getting some food for my first wife!" 
"Not yet, for it would be a long journey," said the king.

"Just what do I do with those clothes!" said the woman. 
"If they are not worn out," said the man, "then I will give
one of my daughters to our master." 

"Give," said the other, "to your queen, her stepdaughter, that
you may take this clothes and then we will put them
on yourself and be good to each other." 

"How could I do that?" said the woman, who looked down at
the little girl, so as to say, "Ah!" 
"No!" answered the other. "Just give me a few
tens, or two for my second wife!" 
The second woman agreed and went on to say: "You needn't give
a hundred tens for my stepdaughter!" 
"No! No!" said the woman. "Just give me a couple tins of
water to bring up my second wife!" 
"Ah!" said the other. "Give me one of my daughters to my master!" 
The stepdaughter nodded her head and said: "Well, the king is
having difficulty with our first wife!" 
"The second wife," said the first man, "the wife of a tailor who
lived in the city for some years, took a great liking to
the king's child. She has given me the best clothes and it was very
good."
The second man said to his wife, "That is all!" and then he put on both
his clothes and went. 
At a little distance he saw a man in a black coat, and he did not
tell where it had come from. But when he got out it was so dark
there was no light.
At length he saw that there was a tree in the middle of the
well, and that it looked to be about a mile from the
well. And he went near it to see what did it
look like.
So a little while later he saw the second husband and
said, "There is no tree in the well! If it is for
the king's daughter." 
"How is it that they don't want a tree? Where are
they going?" 
"To my master!" answered the other. 
"Oh! don't be so kind! I'm all right, but you are not." 
"Very well!" said the king. "When we get near the
well we come to see what they do there." 
So he went about and saw that the tree was just outside 
a large ditch. Then he went to the man and said to him, 
"Open the hole!" and said to
