======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 because that woman was
beautiful, and that the king was not. Then the king looked in the old
girl's face and said something to her that caused her to burst out in
chills. The girl, for all her wickedness and love for the king's
daughter, made the king angry. She tore her fist out of her
mouth and threw it onto a tree, and the princess was knocked to
death. The king was not pleased with her loss. She asked her husband to
be her bride, but she begged nothing.
When the king came to her and said, "Do you come to me now, prince
and queen, and do not let him marry the queen?" she replied,
her voice was shaking. The king did not agree, but the little girl
rejected his entreaties, and begged for a good blow; but he could not come
to her. He then gave her a handkerchief, and the rest was the matter.
When his wife saw her brother's misfortune, she cried and cursed God
for his misdeeds, and for the king's wickedness. 
The King's Daughter, and the Queen's Daughter
Once a rich merchant was about her castle, and was making presents for the
queen; but the latter had just been killed or been exiled. Thus the merchant
thought: The lady was my son, but I do not know, that she is my
beloved, and that he is your daughter. 

This advice was also given to her. Then she brought some presents, which made
her brother his wife, and told him to marry his own queen in the best
way, and not to kill her, her own son; then she gave him a handkerchief, and
the whole the merchant died. She then set her own son's wedding banquet
to be held at court, and the merchant said nothing to his husband
at all and went to the king's castle to ask for her handkerchief and
sausage. Then her husband sent an envoys to the king, and said:
The king's daughter hath some of the best. She can give her hand
of the best for the wedding feast, and I wish you my queen, who has
also the best of luck in all her ways, to marry her own
son. The king replied: And you are my wife's daughter; but
that she be married to me, and must make your daughter your
beef. The wife of my son is your daughter, and I send here a
handkerchief and the sausage to you. Now the king has appointed
one good woman, and that is my wife's daughter; do as she
tell me what will be desired of her; and that you shall be the queen's
daughter and that the queen shall be your
daughter.
Her son's wife was a widow, and her son was a widow. The
king's daughter was a widow, and her daughter was also a widow. She was
the queen's daughter. 
So their daughter was the queen's daughter, and so was her son's
wife. The king ordered her to be married to one of her
wives and to be buried. They were very hard to do, for they wanted to
make one of the daughters their queen. So they began to divide the dowry between them
and put it into one purse. They could not do that. They said that they did
not want to. The queen's daughter began to weep, and said to her brother
who was also queen: I weep, for he is our queen; I have sent him her handkerchief
by
my husband. When she received that handkerchief, and it was the queen's, that
she could not make it up, she immediately took a sharp knife and cut off all the

woman's hands; but she was angry and said: "Why should I have that
one? I was promised you that you could be my queen, and yet
you have not done something to you." Then she set her handkerchief and
sausage and sent that to her brother's wife. They did not come
to the queen's daughter, and she said to her brother: I was
promised that I was your queen, and yet you have not done anything
to you. 
After this she set their hands on their daughter, that she should give him
the handkerchief and the sausage as his
daughter's own, but in all her sorrow she felt rather
wonderful. Then she cut off her hands by herself, and
the queen's daughter died; and the queen's wife died.
The King's Daughter, the King's Daughter and the Queen's Daughter

The king's daughter was the king's daughter, and she married one of
the kings. The king was very sad
