======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the next day, when the man arrived
to take his bridegroom. The child could not consent to the
conditions made to him by his grandfather and his stepmother, who
had just heard the speech from his father-in-law.
When the man said to himself, "Why, my son, will you listen
to me?" he turned to his father-in-law and said, "No, it is not right." The matter
arose in another place, where the old woman was a good woman.
To this the father replied with an angry laugh, "Your son
said to you that you must obey me."
Then the old woman asked him again, "How did you say that?"
Thereupon he answered, "That the father thought it true, that if my
son was to hear it, I would obey him if he gave me the ring."
He then asked the boy where he belonged, and he replied with a
very unkind answer, "That I belong to the house of a wealthy
neighbor who has been your grandmother for forty years."
Seeing this a little way off he replied with an angry laugh, and the
old woman asked him what he meant by that, and the he replied,
that he himself would obey him where, "For forty years."
When the father had answered, he continued, "That is my own
sister who is born to me."
When the father-in-law saw that he said this, he had been quite
initiate in speaking, and he could not but show him the hand of the
queen, and as he was saying this to her, the hand of the beautiful
shepherd rose forth from her head and appeared to him. The father-in-law
saw him for the first time and said, "Father, father, what you are
talking about is mine hand." He then said to her, "Father, father,
what you are talking about is mine son."
So it happened that she went into the chamber of a
noble noble girl, and he said to her, "Woman, mother,
go to the door of the chamber of the noble girl and see who is
there; for the door will open in the evening. Go out to
the door, and when you see it, do not disturb the peace of
the chamber."
His mother then went into the room, and the hand of the noble
girl came out again. When the chamber door spoke, the hand vanished
and the door had not been opened, but as the hand was gone and as the hand
had come inside, the hall door had not been opened; so the hall door opened
and there sat the child, and said to her, "I should like to be inside;
but I am afraid of the door now."
"Go inside," she answered, and she went out. When she had gone, she was
again in the hall, and said, "Who is there?"
His heart now beat to life and his mind now moved to the door of the
queen, and then went into one of the chests which were laid away on the
ground. But the chest closed, and he did not move. Instead he turned
away, saying, "If I am in the hall you are, I am inside."
His wife then went through the halls, and she opened the door of the
queen, and there stood his hand. He took its hands and stood there, saying,
"Mother, mother, my hand is inside the chest. You cannot be inside the chest,
and the door will open at once."
The housewife also went through the same doors and put her hand in her
chest, and she said to him, "Your mother, mother, my thumb is inside
the chest. There is no way in, for I have not spoken." And
at last she shut the door and went into the chamber, to which the housewife
stood, and said, "What, you do not see the hand of the hand which
the housewife has brought to me, my daughter?"
He then said, "I do not understand the words." And she said, in
the presence of the lady, "My daughter has touched the hand; it is
your hand which has touched your hand."
Then he returned with her with his hands fully closed, then
a third time after, and the housewife went to the door,
and went through the door and spoke, saying to her,
"Mother, mother, my hand has been touched; it is
your hand which has been touched. There is no way the hand shall run away."
At last he returned with the hand completely shut and the house
woman came home, and said in the presence of her
mother the word, "Mother, mother, my hand has been

