======== SAMPLE 1 ========

The girl said, "Oh, the little snake! Oh, the little snake!" And as the girl said a little after that, they all fell down, and the little tree fell on its side.
The girl said, "Oh, the tree!" And as the girl said a little following that, they all fell down, and the tree fell on its side.
Now when they were climbing higher and higher up, the girl said one word, and a bit of a dance:
They come down, they come down, you say?
When they climbed higher and higher up, and the girl went to take a bit of a bath, she fell asleep on the bed, the snake crept slowly out of the water, and they climbed up, and the little girl came to be seen, and she was very beautiful. The little snake began laughing and saying, "Dear girl, have fun at the bath!"
That was not all that the girl said, "Dear girl, have fun at the bath!" But one very minute later she stopped laughing, and the snake started laughing more and more and more vigorously, and it made the girl very angry and very angry, until it got so mad that she couldn't endure being so angry for a long time. Then it tried to bite her.
"Dear girl, have fun at the bath!" she cried from every limb and every crevice. Then she stopped laughing as well, and the snake stuck out of the water, and they climbed up, and the little snake came to be seen, and she was very very beautiful and beautiful. The little snake began to laugh.
They climbed higher and higher up, and the little girl said, "Dear girl, have fun at the bath!" and as they climbed higher and higher up, they said many words to each other.
That was not all that the girl said, "Dear girl, have fun at the bath!" but one very minute later she stopped laughing, and the snake stuck out of the water, and the little girl got into a very horrible fright and couldn't continue laughing any longer.
They climbed up, they climbed higher and higher up, and the little girl said one word, and a bit of a dance.
They came down, they came down, they did as the snake, and the little girl started laughing again and saying, "Dear girl, have fun at the bath!"
And that is not all that the girl said, "Dear girl, have fun at the bath!" but one very minute later she stopped laughing, and the little girl got into a very horrible fright and couldn't continue laughing any longer.
Then they came down, they took a bit of a bath, they drank a bit of water, and they went to the bedroom, and they were now very happy, and all the people were very happy to see the little girl that they loved the most.
The girl said very little to the snake, "Oh, the little snake!" and they all fell down, and the snake stuck out of the water.
Then they climbed higher and higher, and the little girl said one word, and a bit of a dance.
They came down, they came down, they started to eat a bit of bread. They ate a bit of bread, and the little snake took a bit of bread, and the little girl said one word, and a bit of a dance.
They came down, they came down, they started to drink. So there began to be much weeping and crying, and then it began to go on and on, till there was so much weeping and crying. Then there went up to the house, and there was so much crying and crying, and it began to go on and on, till at last the girl came out of the house and was sitting inside the tree. The little girl said one word to the snake, and the snake stuck out of the water, and the little girl got onto a horse and went into the wood to the house.
"Dear boy, have fun!" said the snake one minute, saying, "Dear boy! have fun at the wood!" and they all all fell down one at a time.
"Dear boy, have fun!" said the snake one minute, saying, "Dear boy! have fun at the oak!" and they all fell down one at a time.
Finally there was a great crying, and the snake stuck out of the water. Then there was a great weeping of the little girl, and the little snake stuck out of the water.
So there was a great crying, and the little girl said, "Dear girl!" and they all fell down one at a time.
Now there was a great screaming, and they all cried and cried at once. Then the little girl said one word and word and word to the snake, and the snake stuck out of the water.
"Dear woman!" said the snake one minute, saying, "Dear woman!" and they all fell down one at a time
