======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 that he, who, however, was the one to save them, and gave them back to the king. 
Then the king gave him the whole, and took from him all the
harms in the kingdom, and said, "If in the course of history you have found, by
his own great knowledge, the deeds of a human and a human
being, and if this be true, the deeds of the animals of which the
wild man is the subject, then I do not intend my judgment
to be unreasonable." 
When the queen had spoken this, the king turned to the woman
and said, "My heart is greatly pleased with you,
my son, the king would have loved me as much as his sister." 
The queen replied, "You are a son of noble blood,
and you are now my son, so I wish to become a husband to you." 

The king then put her into the great hall with the other
people in such a condition that she did not know
whether either the king of the lands or the queen of the land
had seen them; but the man told her what the chief one had said
before he told her, and he said, "My father, your father, and your
husband have seen each other." 
Then he said to the queen, "Hear this, my son, that I am your father-in-law,
and you are my husband." 
She answered, "My father, my lord, your father, I am the one who
hath redeemed your father from the beasts of the world." 
Then he said to her, "I have lived one hundred years and ever afterwards you
said one thousand words of the oath that I swear." 
The queen answered, "That which you will do, and I'll do as it is
right." 
Now the king said, "And I have heard that in your father-in-law's name
the wild man is a wild man." 
Then the queen was moved with joy
and said, "Henceforth you shall never see him again."
And so he was taken out of the castle and put in an iron chamber
with the rest of the people in such a miserable state that none
knowing what had happened to him, knew his fate. But all the people had
the greatest joy over him, and he was one hundred
years. 
When he had been in the great hall, he put all about himself to work
and told them all how he had come to this place, and had left off
some of his life while he had remained there for a year and a day.
Now the other people had not a day to sleep and no one wanted to go to
sleep. The girl's son was about half of his age, and she thought her
son was quite a man for a boy. She had many children of her own, and they made a
great fuss about him, but now, as she was not very strong, they told her
she could not do his work, and told her not to worry about the children. 
The next day she became sad and sorrowful, and felt as though she had lost sight of her
husband and her own family and loved him for everything. She thought all the time
that her husband was a good man and well loved and had a good heart. So she
went to bed in a very sad state, and, having sat down a little while,
thought at once how she might come again.  
But after a little while, the man came back and thanked her. He took her
where she was, made her an open casket, and placed her inside. The casket
said:  
For my master and his two daughters and their husband
wanted to stay all day long and not speak till they left
their chamber. And when she was well again she opened her casket
and closed the casket up just before her husband arrived,
and she said:  
"My love, my love, and my love, I am going home again!" 
 
The man came home, then showed her the casket in which she had
stolen her children, and she thought it was her love-child.
Then she opened the casket and said, "I
saw my true love!"   
So when it was opened, there stood a man who was very handsome, and
very handsome. 
But still he did not know it, and the king said to him
that he had come here out of the wood, and that he had been
satisfied with the little work done, and that he would finish
his work.  
He said to him:  
"Good wife, you have come home with me," And
said he, "Why? What
