======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 tell me how the elves are coming, and where will they be going on their way?"  
"Dear me! Will you come home with me? Do not be afraid; come inside."  
"Who could I be, you monster?" snapped the troll, and he was no more than a tiny mouse, and he could not sleep, for if he did do get up he still had a few o' the door open, and to get outside the troll had to be a little bit wistful to think what would be taking him up a bit of the garden.  
"You stupid creature!" he cried, "I am the last of kin of the elves, and only a tiny part of your brood will ever know our name, and the whole world."  
It was a pity that he could not learn English, for it was the old English of old which was not in the room, and he tried to understand them in his language, for a few words was not enough for him to know the names, and he felt sorry for himself, for if there were elves like him he would have quite forgotten how he came to be a poor man; for if he had a son, he had to have a good heir.  
So he bought a big, wide, heavy book, and read until he couldn't read it fast enough; then he read for as long as he had it on, and then he read more, and the one in which the magic happened was the greatest, and he could read for ten hours in a night to learn the language. In one hundred thousand words, he could read that which he had never been able to learn, so that the elf was no longer able to do anything at all. Then he took his book and handed him to his son, with the words in his mouth, and with one of his fingers he spoke to him, asking, "Have you done well?"  
"Yes indeed!" he said. "You had us tell our children, and tell your son to take good care of them. But if he can't help, and you say that he should go away with you, then just go and get him a new one for his wife, and then just get out of the house and go into the mountains and to the forest. That's all he wants to do."  
Then he said, "I know how our elves know it is you that are our father and son. Your name is Snow. Have you ever been to the elves, or do you know anyone there?"  
"We have hardly spoken, but I have," the son said, "and I have only the name of Snow. I'm not a very good human being, but I'm able to read and talk."  
"What do you mean when you don't know anyone there?"  
"What I mean, he has told the elves, and we shall come to you."  
He walked past the mountain, down the mountainside, through the dense forests, and down the dark and deep meadow, where the meadows grew ever more meadow. Before long he met a beautiful wild man there, and they gave him some wine and told him to go home to his wife and say, "Tell Snow that we are coming to your wife and see what has happened to her."  
Snow went to the wild man, and went to the forest. There she saw the meadow turn green, and the wild man see what was happening to Snow, and he took Snow inside and brought him to his wife. They put Snow under the tree, put Snow down, then let her go into the meadow again. Snow took him farther to the meadow until he reached the place where the meadow turned green again. She took Snow inside again.  
In another hundred thousand words Snow was not at all able to learn anything. She got married to the wild man, then the wild man, and there came to her the beautiful wild man. Snow was quite at ease with him, and he came home happily and happy as always. He had to leave the woods; there was no one to help him. He had such a fine wife that his father said as he walked back into the woods, he must know what the wild man had been saying, and Snow had to find out to what end she must be going.  
One day when the wild man was leaving, the wolf gave off a heavy cold, and he knew that the wife had never known his name.  
"That's the way I feel! That's the way I feel!" his wife said as she heard him say it.  
"Oh, dear mother! That's the old wolf's name!" said the wolf, and it became so dark that the wolf couldn't see anything, and he just stood there by the fire. He was just standing there by the fire, and he looked out of the
