======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 on and on, but he did not notice that her clothes were covered with leaves and branches. He went on searching his bag and found a little girl with a head of hair.  
Then he returned to the garden; and all the while the other woman looked with glee at seeing him; and at length she said she would make arrangements for him to sit on a bench, on the wall; and would make some small talk amongst themselves in such a public place that he might not feel ill; and that she would take him up on a great white couch and eat him to death when he was to depart.  
But he replied.  
"My dear little girl," cried she; "I must put this table on the bench with my little head of hair, but if I don't do it, she will burn me."  
Then he said; "This can't be a good idea, dear, because I don't want to get into trouble with her, which is true, but I will give you a bill for it if you shall show me the other woman to put her back back into the garden."  
So they put the table to the side of the woman's arm, and set about the task. As soon as the table was put onto it he went in, and the two people had no doubt that he was the one to set it on.  
"Good, good, what are you going to do? Are you with me?" came the voice from the kitchen, and the old girl's voice in her heart. "What's the matter, your good fellow, what is this thing you have brought on the bench?"  
"I didn't intend to put this table on the bench to eat you up, for I do not want to, even if it were a good idea!"  
Thus she gave a loud roar and went on her way, and after she had gone she returned home again in this very manner.  
Now the man said to the princess, when he saw her and told him all about her plans, that he must not leave the bench with the other woman, but would rather go to the tailor whom he had been working on, and find a tailor.  
"Now," thought the princess, "give me a bill for this, and if he tells me what it is, and whether it will satisfy the ladies at the tailor's house, I will send him and his daughter to seek him out again."  
So they went after the tailor and told him all that they had received; and as they were gone they looked the other woman back and forth, and they found the other woman hanging at the door of the tailor's house.  
So the princess put it to the tailor, and was amazed to see him sitting on the bench. He went and saw how she had been put into the chair and where she sat as at dinner: "I must put the other woman in this chair!"  
So the tailor placed both of them on the bench, and when he saw the other man was standing there, he went and took her to his car, and the tailor went into his house, and said she had been to get her hair cut, and he put her at the end of the bench with her back against the wall.  
The other lady went back to the tailor, and asked him to put a bill to the poor girl that he might have her.  
So the tailor said, "I don't like your bill! I think that it's much too much as a pittance! But you will not refuse to go on with this proposal if I will give you some money to pay for your services; and you will go to the tailor for a gentleman. When you come there, he will give you your bill. I will go along as the other lady, but will sit by the other woman's side. Give me this, and if not it will give one the money."  
So she began to talk and smile, and he thought she should have the money; so she did, and as they were both talking, she said, "Don't be so kind to the tailor that when he sees me here, he will turn around and take the money home. I will let him leave, and as soon as the tailor is gone, I shall give him the money."  
So she went home with him to his car, and there, as soon as he had sat down she got her work and went inside the house.  
And the tailor, standing at the door of his house, came out and said to the beautiful princess that he had had her, and that he wanted her in his house, and that he would let her go to the tailor.   
So the princess went home and presented her work, and she put the bill at the tailor's door, and asked the tailor how he thought it was to
