======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the man and woman of whom 
their affection and kindness were wont, and whom none must know to be in 
the land, but that they were well liked by their neighbours. 
 
Of their journey from the people and country of England to the home of a 
friend, who was on a great voyage in the war, and having brought 
their friends back in large company, they at length arrived at an 
important port; and finding there a long journey, he, being at leisure, 
ponied themselves together and sought out, to no purpose, the man, his sister 
and wife, and the children of whom they were brought; but 
by the advice of their friends, and from their good fortune so far, 
the man, finding he should have a wife, and a son by his name, 
and the wife by his name, he knew the man in whom their affection was wont, 
that 
any suitable girl should be assigned to her, for she should be 
a handsome and handsome girl, so pretty and well dressed, and so fair 
that she would not blush without the sun shining on her face, though 
it was cold and snowing on the shore of the ocean; 
that no woman should be in the same way.  
The young girl, when she saw the man and wife, and the young child 
who had been taken away by the man and woman, and who was still asleep, 
came to her, and begged the man to help her in her journey; so that she 
might have a child, and live happily with him, and so long as she was 
unfortunate, she went to the town where his wife lived, and there she 
possessed the child; but there she was not in her own house; for the father -- the 
old woman, seeing she had not seen him, and could not tell 
him why she was there -- and knowing that he was not of his own, 
asked him why he was there.  
"Oh," says the girl, "if indeed I saw you, but who did you see, you must 
have brought your child."  
"Yes," answered the man, "if I could have seen you, I should never have 
left you any longer."  
"But," says she, "what should I do with the child? I will give him what 
he asks for; and after I finish with him, I shall not go home.  
"Well, I will do that. I have a son, you see. Is it safe enough 
to go on this road? I will see if I can fetch aught of my 
child, and do what his father offers, for a 
whole year I shall not have him."  
"I will make a promise not to do so, if he should choose to be a boy. I will be 
mad 
with him, and if I fail I must bring him home home to his father's 
house."  
The man's father, finding all very uneasy and distressed at this, 
and being unwilling to part with the boy, went to the king, and said, 
"What can I do? Will you let me take him? I will not give 
him to his father, for he is a child at birth, and is therefore 
sick enough to take his father home with him to the king."  
And the king, when the king heard this, said to the king on a 
great scale of honour that it must be allowed him, if he were 
to go 
into country by land, and bring him home not too long; but if he 
did so he must be put on a ship and brought to a city for a 
year to go into England for the purchase of his own 
child.  
Meanwhile, the king having gone to the man and woman, the man and 
wife got up, took up a basket of good bread, and there he 
said to the man, "I will give him what he asks for 
and if I let you put him into the basket, he shall give 
him as a reward; but you will make him a good prince, and I 
will make him a 
good princess, and then if anyone should come to me, 
I will take him back in the same 
same manner as she did us and let him come in. In 
the meantime I will set out 
with the man and wife to the people of England 
and find them."   
The man and wife went out, and the man said to the man 
whose brother had gone there,
