======== SAMPLE 1 ========
; to
tell a tale.  This was the first step.  At it were
three men who had not yet been summoned 
as the chief justice. They wanted to see if a young man and an
old man were on the same day, for in the town the old man
was out again trying to find some treasure, so they thought, 'We
might as well tell that."
Then they sent their men to the river, "and in the middle of
it three young men come to ask if 
anyone can tell what he is looking at."
"We will not go through him without the assistance of a tailor," said
the two men. "You can tell him what you want."
"He knows everything about the forest, and the way 
he has to go along the coast to look for his treasure," said
the tailor, who had nothing else to be afraid of.
"That is how he is supposed to know," said the young men; "but please not to
set the tailor on to his knees and pray for him!"
After they had done this they set off.  The men 
wakened the night off on a boat, and they drove through fields and wood
streets, until they came to the top of a large hill, where there was a
fairy 
tree.
"Oh, my dear little boy, that is the one," said one after the others, 
"Where is it that you must have seen such a fairy?"
"I did not see such a fairy.  I only saw a fairy that was standing
before me; and so in haste I looked down, until I saw a fairy at the bottom of
the hill."
"Who are you, then, that you must have seen?" asked the fairy, and 
she said, "Oh, that is the best I can tell you."
"I did not see you till you told me.  I will give you a
little money," said the two men, "just to tell your story."
"Oh, my dear little boy, I will give you a little money, 
just to tell your story."
They drove on until they come to a large, high hill, where they saw 
the most beautiful flower of all.  It was a rose, and that, it seemed, 
would not sting as long as a man did.  It looked so beautiful, it seemed so fair 
that the men could not have helped but notice it.  Suddenly the young men 
who did not know the way out of the tree were not at all happy with
it, and they cried out to the one the most and said, "Why, you have to go and
tell it!"  
Next day the girl took a large stone in her back pocket, and it was so bright -- 
it shone with an extremely beautiful light, and no one could understand 
it.  The princess was quite frightened.  "How do you know that I am 
not so ugly?" said the one who carried her stone, "and you see I am not as tall as
you are?"
"No, I want only my golden hair of my own accord," said the princess.  Then she took one
and said, "How come you are so ugly to me?"  The one with the most beautiful hair
in the world, who looked like my little sister, went off to tell the
little girl she was not ugly, and that she was just being a princess.  She
said to the princess, "You see, I am no princess.  To tell you the truth, I cannot 
doubt myself. Your eyes are as beautiful as they are beautiful; but if I 
do not say that I love you, then you will be angry with me." 
The princess said, "There will be no such anger!  I will kill you!" 
"No," said the other young men.
They gave the princess these three fine stones, which she said she would 
set away for nothing.  As she did this she was struck by the very 
beauty of her dress and the look of her face, and when she had 
stole it she called out: "What shall I eat, my little 
brother?"  
"I will only eat it," said she; "and if it is not my very 
younger sister, I will not eat it."  
Then she let out a very long breath, and when she had reached 
home she said to her sister, "You must be a good
brooding boy, for I have said this many times.  If the boy 
is angry with me, he will know this of that poor 
little one."
The princess could not hear, for she was quite frightened
