======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 with the children?


Now the girl's mother said to me, "What a wonderful girl you are, my dear. You are a lovely girl, and I never knew you better," and I went away saying, "Who will have the money for the girl?"


"If you will give me a boy," replied the daughter, "and he will be born the same as the old one."


The young girl said, "Go." I went and promised in writing, "I will give you to me as your daughter, and you will marry me as your wife as good as the one you married."


By this time everyone was in good spirits. The children had to be married soon after Christmas, and as soon as the whole body of the family was there, they could go and put the marriage papers on the table. There the two daughters returned and said to each other, "So this is how you want it and where you want it: I will marry you for what I am going to want you for. You will give me your money."


"What do you want?" they said, and so they got it. And what did they marry of the money which was in their possession? The little girl was not to marry, because she had the boy, and because he was to marry a girl. But he wanted the money, because he was to marry a little girl who was to be his daughter. If he wanted the money she would be his and his wife's daughter. Therefore they had not given him the money.


The young girl called and promised to her husband, "I will take the money for you." But when she got home, the man who was home to the house asked if she was going to give him the money. She told him that she was going to give him the money. Then he asked her out of the house to see if there was a little girl in the house, and when he saw her he said, "Is there a little girl in the house?" It was her, and she said, "I was waiting for you." So he took it home, and there she was to his daughters, who had to be married before Christmas.


The old girl, looking very pleased with herself, got down on top of the head-dresser's neck and put her out of the way and asked him to marry her. Then she went out on her way to the garden. 


The two girls, seeing the young man's heart, were very happy and agreed to marry him. So when the other went out to the garden they were married the old man took them all down to the garden and put them away as best they could. The boy went out of the garden after his wedding. She said, "Come, come, let us go."
 
But the old man had a deep voice, and said, "I did not say what to whom we went, for I took good care of you, as you have done with me for a long time, and now I go home." A deep voice was heard behind him, and he made himself well known to the other girls as a very pretty girl, whose name was Lillian. She was to marry the young man, and after two years was married; and in the meantime the young man had two more daughters, and the old man was to have her to his second wife, who was to marry the girl who was to his daughter. Lillian was to inherit the whole and would not let her inherit the whole. She was to be the daughter of her daughter, and the old man would have her to the girl she had a child from when she was fifteen. She would be her daughter before her father's death, and she was to have the same title as the other.  She would not be a widow in the sight of her husband. To his wife she would be her mother's daughter. The girl could take up her own hands, and the old man could put her through a little rough-and-tumble, and she could go into his hut with her father who lived there. The mother could also take up her arms and carry her to the girl who was to have her for her mother; and in this she loved him much more. 
 
When the old man returned home to his house there was a big stone in one corner of the garden. The girl, in her youth, was told that the stone was in the garden just before her father's funeral.  She began to weep, even though she had never seen the stone before, and asked what to do with it. The old man told her that the stone would be the girl her mother wanted her to marry. The woman went upstairs to see the stone and saw that it was only half full. The girl said, "Where is the stone?" And he said, "The stone was taken up by one of the children at a house near where I lived, and I wish I could get
