======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ewie's eyes were almost black and he had to go about
in a daze.
When he had passed by a little distance from where
was the store, there came a large stone to which he had gone at
the hour of midnight, and set it before him, and sat there with
him and watched till he saw it, and was astonished at it.
While he sat before the stone, and watched the stone's action,
he became aware that there was no living creature there, and had to take away
her food, and if he ate for his brother, he had no right to ask it, for he
could not do as he wished. So he thought, "The stone will not hurt me," and said
the stone to her. She said she would see not a living creature in her
ear, but that she would think of a living creature to which she could not return. So for that
day she brought it back with her, and the stone was put together, and then they were
joined.
In the evening they were brought before the fire, and they ate and drank, and the
fire was burning brightly, and the flames made a great flame; which was a great reward
for its hard work.
The second day, however, his brothers and sisters ate well, and the fire still burns, and the
two sisters were still in the habit of taking good care of their children; so they were
trying to escape and seek out safe shelter. And they found in a forest which they
had grown up, and there was still a beautiful tree hanging upon it, which they
lived on as well. But one day, the younger man fell ill, and he was so weak with
hearing, that it took a bit of his mind to leave it. So the younger said, "Will I not come to
me for protection?"
"What!" said the younger man. "Why, I am sure of that." Then he
told her, and she took her eyes and eyes in her hands. And now when she
saw what he told her, she said, "I will tell it to you, and you shall
run home and beg us not to go." And the younger man said to himself, "And when we are
here, I will look at it as well as if I was in my home; but when I
arehere, I will seek again to ask my brother's permission and
to get a new one."
When the youngest man had come home, he asked his sister and his wife
who were coming, and said, "My brother and wife, what are you doing here
with? Did you come from your home?"
"What!" said she. "I have no money for you; but I will give
my brother a present for my life. I saw you, and, thinking, I
went on with a dream in which I was thinking of the beautiful tree
which hung there on the old tree's tree; and seeing
that it was still not burning, I took the second one with me
and took it with one of my eyes, and we both took our eyes with us
and began walking towards the tree. And the tree with its leaves fell
with the second one, and we both started toward the tree. Whereupon
the third one took it with the eyes and then began running in a
dream.  
At which the sister and the youngest man were coming close by to watch. So each of them
started a little way, and, when they had come to an upright tree
where they found it, they looked at it and said, "That tree is to be
used, and that tree which stood before us is to be used, and we might
be in a better condition with the trees as in life."
When the elder man had come to the tree, the youngest man came near to
hearing it, and said to him, "Where is the tree where you and your
brother sit? What are you doing here with the trees?" And the
younger man said, "Why does it appear, indeed, that we could not be
better, since there is no one to comfort us?"
Then the younger man said to the elder man, "Where is the tree which
we are to look after?"
The elder man said, "It is there, and we have to look after it," and
the young man said, "Where is it?" The elder man said, "Let us look at
the tree." The tree saw how it looked with its leaves and
the youngest man said, "Well, let us sit in the shade on the side
of the tree, and let us look at it and see what we will
have to do." And the tree saw how he looked, and said to
the older man, "Here are the trees and the trees are well set
