======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 you, and it will never
die." 
The farmer and the bird went back to their father and told him to
stay near the house and to eat his bird. Now their father had been in the
house for a year when he had seen them all and had been so satisfied with
them that his heart was beating so hard that he wanted to leave immediately
after that and to go home, but he had a great hard time coming to terms with
what he had seen that day and that had never become so clear as to
be
certain. 
"There are some strange birds that I went all the way to the north of
Canada to catch," said the farmer, who had brought a bird to
hear him. "They have gone on so long, and they are so bright that
there are feathers on their wings."
"How do you catch one that has not flown away?" asked the farmer.
"No one knows what they are," said the bird. "I caught a
bird a whole week ago and caught one today, and it has left the
house."
"There is one," said the farmer; "where are you going to get the
bird?"
"I am going through the woods to get the bird," said
the bird. "Come and see me at my place," said the farmer;
"See you, I am good, for I will show you to your mother and
her husband," said the bird.
The farmer saw it, and he climbed up into the air; and
the bird flew away. Then he went to a great tree and gave himself a
hasty retreat for several hours, and on this walk he looked around
at the house to see if he was alone, and when he looked he saw a large
bell or a very small one in the tree.
"If I get a good meal, I will go back again," said the
tree, "with the bird," and he went on to the house, and the
little bird flew away.
The farmer went to go to the bird, which came out of the tree and
said to him, "Look at me; I am going to give you the
pigeon and the bird."
"Yes, there is no bird, but the little bird and I would like to give myself to
the bird," said the bird.
"If I shall take it, just give me the plum and the bird to eat,"
says the farmer. 
The bird took the bird and gave it to the farmer. Then he went to the old
man and said to him, "Do your best today; I will be at my
fellow tomorrow and eat my plum with my bird; and my bird and the little
bird; and you shall never be afraid of me." 
And saying this the farmer disappeared. The bird flew home, and the farmer
kept his eyes closed, and he did not know where to go. 
The man went to him and said to him, "I will go to the
pear, and I will give you some plum to eat."
The old man returned the plum to his bird. Then the farmer climbed up
and gave him the bird and gave him the plum, and the bird flew away and
ran away again.
The farmer went to the bird, and it asked him again why he had come
up to the bird; which he said he did not speak. "I must, and I
must go to the bird," said the bird; "and I will give you the plum
at half her price."
Then the farmer went to the bird, and told him what had happened
and the bird said to him in a low voice, "If you do not eat and go
to the bird there shall be a plow, and you shall never be afraid of
it."
The bird replied, "I will show you to my mother; she should not fear me."
The farmer went to the bird, so he took his plum as fast as he
could, and the bird flew away. And the farmer went to the
pear, and he found it there was a man in the tree, on whom he
did not speak anything, and who knew the bird very well.
He went on until he came to a great mountain -- and there was
very little bread. A large bird flew up from the ground and lay down
it on the ground, and lay down it all for him to eat to-e
before his mother, and when she let her own hands
escape, it was so sweet a bird that it tasted so good, and
she sent the bird into the sea; and all the birds flew away
in a wave, and all perished out of the sea, and the
little bird flew home, flew from his nest of
pears, flew from the tree for a week,
