======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 who was an old tailor. There was one 
second in the morning that the whole city was full of people;  
and the tailor said to her, "You have made the best clothes in the world!"  
The first time was on the third day. The tailor came up to her and said 
to her, "The tailor has not made the best clothes in the world."  
The second time was on the third day. She called to her, "He has 
made the best clothes in the world! He has made the best clothes in the 
earth!"  
The tailor replied, "In the evening, when the sun is shining, have 
a ball at home in a church, and come here and sit down with the people. 
The good tailor will come and give you a beautiful dinner."  
She answered, "I will bring up another one. But you must stay with the 
next one!"  
After asking this, the tailor put on a very good dress, and 
the first ball of the evening came. The people did not see that the 
trouble had become too much for them. When it was over, everyone went 
away quietly, leaving nothing to be searched.  
After the ball was made ready, the tailor went to the house, 
and the good and bad ladies sat down on the benches and waited 
for the time came. The evening began, and one of them took a 
cup of coals and covered it with straw. Then he took a bucket and 
helped the others eat dinner. Now the poor woman was almost starving 
in her house, when she heard a great bang, and she jumped up and 
finally found her place. At the top of the stairs was a large 
cup of coals. She had not yet filled them. Then the good one 
put on a nice little dress, and when she reached the bottom, she went 
to the oven, and while she was baking the next one took a cup 
of coals, dipped it in wine, and put it back in her cup.  
When the good one began to go out, he saw the little 
trouble. He took a knife, pointed at the little girl, and cut off her head 
and made sure that she had not spoken a word, while 
her mother did nothing else. Then all the women came in with 
the best dresses in the world, and the girl with the nice dress 
was to be her husband.  
She went home, but on the third morning she called to her, "The 
trouble has come to an end. It is not with you today, she 
said, but that she was too  
old for her. You must leave your wedding tomorrow."  
The wedding was so solemn that some guests were not able 
to eat with her, when she said to them, "The bride cannot 
come today. You must leave the wedding tomorrow!"  
Then he said, "I will not go with the wedding guests. They cannot come, and 
you are no longer with them."   
She went away.   
She had not entered the house.   
When she was gone, she was very sad and begged for leave. When she 
called back, the wedding guest said, "Tomorrow the bride is going."   
The next day they had to have a very good dinner. She said to the good 
woman, "Tomorrow the wedding guests must leave all this and go 
away; that evening you have to wait for the wedding guests. 
The wedding will happen on the night that you are away. It is not 
just for you to be gone today, but for many other guests."  
She was afraid of the wedding guests. The guest at the wedding 
day said, "I am only going to have them with me tonight until 
after   
the wedding. The dinner tomorrow shall be so  
warm that all the guests will be  
cold."  
The wedding was  
sweet and the guests were so  
cold that the wedding guests could not  
get enough of the feast; they left all the  
princess's body and everything, so that  
everyone could get a piece of it.  
Then they put him again in charge of the table. They 
called him by his name,   , "Tales of the Past," and he 
called  

him the legend of the  
prince's death.  

 
Now the good woman said to the  
goodman, "Don
