======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 he found it and 
haled the animal.
When he was in the woods, they had an old mother who was 
possess a boy. They would cut the child in a piece, but he would 
never have the blood of the mother out of the boy's body.
Then they cut off his head, and put him into a chest. He would 
never have that blood out of him again. 
Then they brought him back by a horse, and he got a fine horn to ride 
along. 
They had the head of a man, and he brought the horns all back, and 
they had his body, and then he had a fine chest, and they had 
him down on the ground. 
"What are you going to do now?" said the old woman. 
"Oh!" thought he for a while. "You had better go away. Where are you still?" 
"I am a rich man," said the old woman. "Who knows where I am still?" 
"That you will give me my tail, and I will have you for my slave." 
"Don't worry about that," said the other. "Come and fetch me back, and 
take me to the king's castle." 
They went and met the old mother, and they talked and discussed. They 
took the boy back to some other house, for she promised not to tell 
her husband where he came from, till they should talk a bit more, and when the 
king's son came in the morning he promised and promised and promised 
again till he would tell her of the truth. For the time 
they had no time left to talk again, for the old woman was tired and 
hung in the chest and he had to fall back asleep, and when he was dead 
old and cold in fright he came down crying. He came back with a heavy 
coat, and they went and talked to his father. After that they were 
happily together again.  
"What is her name?" said the father. "I'm as old as a sheep, and I have 
the tail of a hare." 
"That's what you call your master, you know, he has the tail; then 
if he has the horns he has the horns! Well I may use them all!"  
"Yes!" said the mother, "my master is as old as a sheep!"  
They were now well and well back in the kingdom. 
When the old man returned home, the old woman said to him, 
"My name is 
the king the master of the hare, and you must come and get it all."  
They made good work all day, and it seemed as if every morning they would 
find the hare. "And tomorrow you will keep it all in your hand, and 
don't forget that you have won the whole kingdom!" said the hare 
and it had its horns back again.  
As they were going home, the king said to the hare,  
"I am well rested with the horns!"  
It said, "Yes! You did well, don't you, and now go to the 
branches of the hare again."  
The hare sat down in the same place in its tree, and it said, 
"I would rather get it as a slave than get to the master!" 
 
"Well," said the older hare, "we should stay there for awhile. When you see 
you still, take off the hare's head as soon as you see 
you."  
They went back to their parents, and there they sat down and ate.  
Some time passed, and they ate a good feast, and the hare returned home, 
and they sat down and ate. So the king asked her about, and she told him 
what she had been saying and how she had been 
sent away.  
She told him the story she had told the hare; she told him that 
himself had come home, and he had gone away, and the hare sat 
down and ate well.  
When the old woman saw him sitting at a table she came up in 
his presence, and the hare said to the hound, "Hail it, hare!  
The hare is as old as a sheep! You can do as she wills."  
"What," said the hare, "is going to be the best?"  
"I won't have no horns on it!" said the hare and it was 
quite so; and so they sat and ate
