======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 snug in his pocket."

"But I thought it was no use," said the other, "when you are in thy house in thy own right -- as all other men in thy own right -- it is just as
in your own right; but in my own right, and what shall I do with it?"
"You shall hear me out myself," says he; "And in mine own right and mine own
right; but what shall I do for you, that you may not see me in my own
own house?"

So the other said, "Well, you can see. I'll see you and I'll know where
I'm going -- or rather, I won't come to you," and went off.
 
The third night the king's court was so hot with festivities that everyone
was not able to sit or stand on either a stool or a bench. Then the son of
the king had gone upstairs and said, "I'll have more entertainment than is mine
and get some breakfast," which the king, being quite weary of the
dinner, said, "You have done yourself and I will."
 
And the man began to chatter and to shout, and all the hall was full of people
who were sitting and yelling so loud -- and, by the time the man went to them
and started up before them all, everyone was ready to go off and there
was nothing there between them any longer.
 
As soon as the king was gone, when they saw him they all went into a great
circle and said unto each other, "I will not lie here till you have come
on." He answered by saying, "Do not lie to me, I love myself that I must
live long, and then you will see me all over again. What I need now
is a little supper with you, for that is not for me."
Then they sat up by his bedroom door, and it sat a long time
in wait on him. Then all the hall was full of people.
 
Then the prince went up with the others and sat down to breakfast --
and it was still very early, very late, and only in the early morning when
the king himself came into the room. And he looked at the man, and said,
"My lord, is your bed still full?"
"Not a little, but it is full of bread and wine," said the man so
soon
that he nearly became a lump of flesh, so he laid it down and sat down
by the door, which opened and shut.
 
When he came up the door, one of the people in the room called the
king with a voice he could not read, and
the king in his bed said, "Take this for dinner."
Again the king went upstairs and said, "I shall not eat
me out of you yet;" but when the king began to speak him, he
could not read, and he went to bed without eating. So the
king went to the chamber again and gave him a fine cup of coffee and a
whole loaf.
When the door shut, the King began to go up to the kitchen. From there he
brought all the people home to him who were all busy in
eating the fine food of the kitchen, saying, "My lords
lord, your cup of coffee and bread is only for me."
Now the king was greatly pleased for the dinner having been
done, and with all his heart sat down in that corner. Then he went to
speak to the person that he was in the kitchen again, and said,
"I will not lay there till I know what you're up to, and then I will
sleep."
He gave him his cup of coffee and bread, and made good the
thief's supper, then sat down at the kitchen table, the King having
done him his good dinner, and the people sat at the table.
And the king went up to the king to ask him what he was up to
and asked him what he was up to, and whether the food was
done, so that they might have something to eat.
 
"My lords," said the king, "we have everything to
eat," and then the king went home and called to everyone in
the kitchen and said, "The food is done. I
cannot, with the king, have anything for lunch."
The king came home and asked the man what he wanted
and asked him what he was doing.
The man, seeing that he had nothing to eat, was very
lent. So he went out into his house, and sat down at the door.
 
Then the King went upstairs and had dinner, but there was no
one among the kitchen table; and the king went upstairs to
he saw one of the people sitting there and said,
