======== SAMPLE 1 ========

I have to be
sure of the good that my neighbor has 
for me, and that only I may share
that."  
They took leave, the king agreed, and so they went on with their meal and 
a little
later. But the king said: "I do not know whether your daughter and my wife are 
satisfied, or have no choice but to become parents myself."  
 
A short time later the woman came with her baby, and 
"that's right, the one that we are taking, the one that we are 
not," says the king." You do not understand, the bridegroom!"
 
"Oh!" you are my first wife. I'm ready to see that!"  
"Oh!" you are yours."  
 
As soon as they were settled on one side they had a great feast, 
and after eating and drinking the king was delighted to see that he had 
suffered no more, and returned home and married his youngest son. 
The Wife's Name is Kriemhild
A woman was traveling with a son in a country.  
When he came home from school he saw the beautiful girl he had, she was just 
a girl.  
"Ah!" he said; but she was just a girl. A little while later 
he was out of sight and he heard her voice say to another man, "I hear my 
name's Kriemhild from that country. I am your wife and my son's wife, 
so don't you know that I brought you from far, far away."  
But he knew no more about the words, and he felt sad to have lost his 
husband. His friends and I know nothing about this strange woman.  
"I'm a liar's wife, so don't you know that I am your son's wife!"  
"Ah! I'm always a liar's wife!"  
"Now if I only understood what my true name is!"  
And so they were married, and there it was.  
An old woman's body lay in a pile and an old man's body lay in a 
pot and his wife's body lay in a basket.  
The old man came home and said to him: "A mother that has children should tell you 
so that no one will think that her children are mine."  
"Well," said he, "let me look at the children in their own places, so I won't be forced 
to go looking for them unless you promise it won't be stolen for me."  
So he asked his wife, "O wife!"  
And she said: "Let me tell you that you will never tell the king or your 
children if they won't come to you," and he made it up, and his wife went away. 
The king told her he was sorry that he would have to go back but he was still 
somewhat sad. He was now sure that if he did ask the king's wife to go back 
to her place she would refuse. But when he went to the kitchen where a 
dancing girl was seated, the king's wife came home first and told him that 
he had not found a beggar she did not know what to say to him. Then her 
father took him home and said: "Tell the king that he is in trouble, and that 
he must go back, and that he must tell you."  
"I will tell him this morning," said Grendel.  
So he went out at half past the end of a day to the king's house. He sat down at a 
bedside and begged her for help. "Oh!" she cried. "I'm sure that is my wife!"  
"What is your wife doing, Grendel, and what are her children doing?" cried 
her father.  
"I don't know," she said. "I can't go to church.  
I can't go to church."  
"No, I can't go to church," said Grendel. "But if your wife asks to go with 
you home then let her go with you home. Do you know where I 
know you are?"  
"If you insist," said Grendel, "I will have her, and if you don't you can 
let her go with you home."  
So he went out at half past the end of a week and did as she had 
said. He made her come home. When she was inside the 
bedside the king's wife saw that her children were playing 
with
