======== SAMPLE 1 ========
led
his daughter. The queen, too, was very vexed at losing, and when the girl
told that she had been born without a father, the king of the island, and
the only one who could believe her story, said to her, "If you will be
so kind as to ask it, I will give you a kiss, in return for your
truly being my own child."
So the girl was very much in love with the king, and she had no trouble
recruiting him out of the wood.
Then the king of the islands said, "There is indeed a beautiful girl who is
born without a father. She has come again to you, asking for someone to
dearly give to her for her husband."
The girl was very unhappy that he would give her such a beautiful
child, so she said to the king of the islands, "Dear princess, do not
give your own child to another man, who is a fool in so many ways. He might not be
gifted in such a way."
The king replied, "What is his name?"
The girl said, "Lucky King. Just like to look after you and your
sisters."
The king then wished the girl good luck and asked the queen if she would
marry him, just as he had always wished.
"I say yes," she said.
"How can we possibly marry?"
"I tell you, it is only by means of the words you have heard."
They now went to the princess's bedroom, and she was the happiest girl
in the castle. She had no fear of him, and she had no fear of anyone
wanting to harm her. She had no fears of the evil people who came from
behind her door.
When she was asleep, the king went to the princess and asked her if
she was dreaming, and she had no answer. At that moment her face appeared on her
face and she cried, "I'm dreaming that we will marry!" and she was not
fazed.
Some time after that they married at a wedding, and they had many different
people in the palace. Some people said that they came from behind,
some said that they were married, and some said that they were only married
to someone whose father had tried to poison her in her womb.
Then the beautiful princess told the story of how her lover died a
few weeks ago, and how he had taken the princess to his body.
One day the princess had the beautiful prince's corpse at her feet.
She begged him to lead the princess away, to her heart's content. "I will give you to the
heart of my beloved," she said to him. But he would have nothing to do with her. Therefore
after she had gone on her way he asked her to lead her away. But she could not do it because, as she was in such great
advice about everything that happened in the world, she needed a bride.
That evening the princess came again home with her body at her feet, and went
home with her body at night, and she awoke soon after; and she saw that her
mother had taken away the princess, and that her hair was turning red.
"Is it because of their love?" asked she; and after she spoke she had a long conversation with a
bride who came to say that they wanted to marry a prince, and that they would
have nothing to do with her. He advised her to lead a wedding to her
heart, and she agreed willingly with him and she went on her way.
The next day she found her hair turned green, and she walked out into a forest, her
father behind her. There she walked into an oak bush with the branches like
golden apples, and in her father's hand was written on the tree's bark a
strange message saying that the man had stolen a pearl from her mother, and she
could not marry him.
Soon afterwards, when she had gone on her way she heard her father
say, "If you tell the truth, you shall be taken to your
place!"
Then she saw the woman come home and said to her, "Where is my
father? What is the matter?"  She said to him, "He is so tired that he cannot
work!"  He looked at her in amazement and said, "No!"  She said, "My
father has gone away, but no one will find him."
The man said, "You are such a foolish young man that he wants to marry
your father."
She was so frightened, she said, "I will tell his name, and we can
t help him!"  Then he asked her to bring him, and she said to
him, "I am so old that I cannot walk."  He added, "
