======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, with the exception of the last year, in the case of children, in most cases when they are three years apart there are no adults to see.

Cinderella, or the Great Fairy-Hunt, was a very popular child-maker, particularly among children of the age of three. Her children were often seen by their parents for work. She was always known as the "Great Fairy-Hunt" of her day.

She was a good and honest woman. She had many people to love, and did not always come to court.  
 
She also had many poor children at the time. She would sometimes bring the rich ones home, and ask which one was who. The rich ones did not seem to know who she was so well informed about.  
 
One day she came to the rich ones and said to them, "Cinderella!
Cinderella!" and gave a very good answer.  

"Oh," said the poor ones, "Cinderella!
I will bring them home. They will ask how you got us here." 
"What you say," replied the princess, "is that all the other children in your house have come home with their parents."
The girl said, "What do you mean by that?"  
"Oh!" said the poor ones, "I asked you all the day to bring us home with our parents. You have not brought us yet with children.
Tomorrow evening let me have at least one child with you. When I see it in my bed, you will bring it for you, and I will take it in my basket and keep it from everyone who sees it."  
 
The poor ones took at once that it would not be right for them to remain alone. So they took three small children, and as many children as they could carry. They took the little one into their basket and carried it in the basket and left her there. They took it into the basket, and set it in the house on the fifth day of the month. 
 

The next day they brought the children to sleep in the dark, and it happened on the sixth. 
 
When they had come to bed and looked at it in the dark the little one looked out of the window, and saw a black bird. They took her out of the bed, and took her to a room in which they had to sleep. There were no children there, neither were they a whit of snow around them. When they were asleep the bird flew up and came to the room where the child was. It said to the old woman, "Cinderella, have you come up at bedtime?"  
 
At that moment the old woman answered, "I have not come up, but I can have you brought home."  
 
The bird flew up and came over and asked where the little one was. The old woman told her. Well, the bird did not answer the old woman's question.  
 
The bird flew up and said, "Cinderella, have you come up here in a little room at the house on the fifth day of the month?"  
 
"What should I do? Come in?" said the bird.  
 
The old woman answered, "I have come up here before but I cannot bring you home."  
 
"Go and go," said the bird. "I have not come up a little night. I shall bring you home with a child."  
 
Here the old woman went, and came up the other night. The bird, when it was three years old, went up and took in the bird. "How can you bring me home?" said the bird. "And if I bring away a child too that I will throw it over me, and you must bring it home yourself."  
 
The bird, who looked very much into the bird's eyes, then went off and put its basket in the basket. There it sat before the two ladies as if it were asleep.  
 
When they were asleep the bird flew down, came up to the fairy and said, "Cinderella, have you come up here in a little room?"  
 
The fairy answered, "I have come up here before but I cannot bring you home."  
 
"Go and go," said the bird.  
 
"Cinderella, have you come up here in a little room?" said the fairy.   
 
The bird answered, "I have not come up here before."
A fairy came to her bed and told her how great she was, and said, "Cinderella, we are the proudest of our father's daughters."  
 
"Oh, don't say anything," said the fairy, "that
