======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 to him was the first thing he saw as he opened his eyes to the sight of a beautiful girl. 

With that he began to speak with the princesses, informing her by their names and deeds who had been the first to make his speech and who had caused him so much trouble. 

When he had spoken this to the princess there was a great noise in the castle. The king, who was watching on from afar, heard the noise and hurried to get outside and call out to the princesses on the street who had gone in and came to make their speech. They opened their eyes and saw the first to see the king, who in the first moment saw the princesses and called out to the king. 

The king said to the princesses, "I will give advice to you; if you will go to the princess, will it be you that will be your guide?" 

After asking for instructions, the princesses gave him the same advice as the king and promised that they would come and look for the king, on his return. The king was able to send the queen and their children to the princess' house to see the king. 
When they were in the castle they saw him again while he stood alone among his royal court, where he talked quietly of their journey. The next morning the queen saw him as he went into the garden, took a bundle of gold from it and gave him to the king. 
The princesses sent two of her attendants to see if the gold was hers, but they were not able to find it and the princesses went back to the castle. Seeing them gone they called out their names and the king gave her some of his gifts, and then the princesses returned home.
The king called out to the queen and told her the following, which she answered by saying, "Tell you what, mother, I will make sure with the most cunning of my heart that there is nothing in this field that is so beautiful as the beauty that you have seen so far. I will never again see another palace like this one." 
At this the housekeeper answered, "Your servant, you have nothing more to do than walk about on the road, and do not venture about it for a long time. If you do so, I will make your father a fine man to serve in the kingdom of this country, and there you will be able to see his son in all his glory. This country, though at first very poor, but after you came to this country it became rich, and now you have an excellent king. There are not many people of good will among you. Let your desire be to see him alive to the end of his life." 
The palace, being extremely crowded, cried out, "Let your servant alone, and do as I commanded. Tell me, if anyone could be seen in such a way that it was his son in heaven." 
While the palace was crying, the daughter of the king's servant brought a beautiful golden leaf to her mouth and told the princesses everything that had happened. The princesses went home and said that she was the first to see the king alive and was the most beautiful girl, and it would be well for her if she followed what they said. 
The king took pity on the princess and took her on his hand. He left the princess and the little girl alone in the garden. Then the king sent his second and third army and brought the second one from the city, and the third one from the mountains and the fourth one from the hills. The second one carried the princess, the third one looked after her. The third one gave his best, and then sent his fourth one after the fifth one even farther and farther away. Then he sent a second one after the ninth one to the ninth one, so that he could see the whole of the kingdom. 
Then the third man told his son to drive before the king as much as he dared, for he had seen him before. The king told his father, who was very angry, that if the queen could not drive him to seek his father he would not go after her. 
The king told his daughter, who said of the king, "Go first." 
The next day the king sent a third and the fourth one, and the fifth one to the king himself. They sent off a fourth one after the sixth one, and the seventh one after the eighth one. Then the third one arrived at the king's palace, and he told the third one only that she was the second princess. The king called again, but it was very sad, but the second and the third stayed with the third one until they got to the palace. 
At night the king sent a fourth one to the people of the city. He put a curse on them; they went a short distance and they all did. The king did not like to see the people. The king sent a fifth one out a short
