======== SAMPLE 1 ========
!"
"I'll be with you 
before you go anywhere."
The girl laughed, and he laughed hard. 
"No, I'll not," he said. 
"Do you hear me?" asked the cat. "Oh, you look so good, I'm like a prince." 
"Oh indeed, the princess of Kiel!" said the man, and his voice rose to a large cocked, which he went and hid behind the door. "Listen, we are not going anywhere." 
So they stood round the little cat and ate and ate and ate with him till he came to the house, where he was never seen again. And yet he always seemed to say, "We will be with you before you go anywhere." 
So the people were glad that he was gone, and they went away to rest. And so the cat went and hid behind the door; and he went and hid behind the door till he came out of the woods. 
And the folks, the people, said, "There's something very bad about him." 
The cat looked up, and he was lying there, and he told them. But they were amazed at how good he looked and how good he looked; and they ate and ate and ate, and ate, and ate, and ate, until they did not know when he was gone, and cried out, "Oh, oh, oh, oh, dear mother, I've brought so much good news, and I love it, too. I'm very proud to say that I did it." 
And the people rejoiced at the good news, and they thought, "He's got the new horse; there won't be time for any more bad news." They were sure he was gone. 
The Woman Who Would Have Lost Her Wife 
One time, when she was old, her husband came to work, and she put his money on hold, and went to the mill. He had not done her any good, he said, for she kept the money on hold. 
And so she got a very poor husband. And he took her a dog, and the dog had a good tongue, and he wanted to see her, and he saw her well, and he went and found him in a yard. He put his head in the air, and he made the noise, and he went down from the yard, so the dog stuck itself in the dog's nose and started away. 
And she ran and ran and ran and ran till she got out of a great thicket of trees, and he put up a hole in the tree. And he ran and ran and ran till he got a hole in the bark, and he hid in the bark, and he hid. And when he heard her run he ran away, and when he had gone in the woods he put the tree up with great courage and speed, and he hid behind the fire, and he hid behind the window. And when she got up she took her old wife and gave it to the fire and threw it over; and all kinds of people came up; and she put the dog on hold, and the dog came out. And the poor mother threw the dog into the fire, and the dog came out. And now the old woman threw it over, and she put its tail in the fire, and the dog came out. They put it up to the fire, and the dog came out. 
And when it was all done the poor wife said, "I love you so much," and ran and ran on. When she got up she put the dog down onto her knees, and she ran all over hard, and when she got up in the street and ran to the mill, she put the man at her back, and he took her out. And she ran all over the street and ran till she came to a beautiful woman, and when she turned around she put her head in the woman's face, and she cried, "Dear mother, I would love to have a husband, an honest peasant, who has a wife; a rich and beautiful wife." 
And the woman was quite surprised; "Dear mother, I will love you," she cried, "unless you give me another husband. I promise to come back again and live with you." 
And so it was. And then she put the man at her back again, and she told him that she thought him very good, and that he would come back again, and she promised to be his wife, and she was very faithful. And the man was good enough. And the woman gave him his wife. 
Then she brought another daughter to ask her father's permission, and that father's wife did not like her, and said, "My dear mother, if you are going to take a wife, you must do with me what you will." 
And she put the man at her back again, and she came to him and looked
