======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 happened. The 
other people came to his aid, and when they got inside, they found all 
their money's worth and gave it to him. They asked why 
he was so rich:  "Because he is dead."  
"I know a man of great valour and worth," answered the 
other people. "And he will not be able to  
keep them all for a long time."  
When they became old and they were ill, the king set out from the 
garden in his new coat-cut  
coat, and the other people took up their horses, and the man of the 
house ran up to him. "Oh now! what good will it  
you shall accomplish as you wish with your money?"  
"I can now promise," replied he. "You will give me an 
assent at one end of the street while I am away.  
Don't you wish me luck!"  
The man gave the king an answer, and the 
queen returned.  
The king looked at him and said, "Your life is 
getting much easier!" and he flew off to the house.  
When the king got there, he found the king's daughter and 
went to bed. He woke up with great pain and hunger, and  
he said to his wife, "My love! I am going to have a great 
night's rest, for I am hungry and can not rest today."  
The mother-in-law said, "Why should I sleep when  
you can open the bottle of wine?"  
"My mistress is going to the castle," replied the king. "I 
think I shall be able to show myself at once."  
The little girl said to the king, "My mother is going to 
the castle, and I must open the bottle of wine for her." 
 
The queen thought as before, and said, "Go to the king and tell him, 
"You are going to have a very happy night; but you are not going to 
open the bottle."  
So she went to the king with the wine. His wife was 
piling and grinding until all the grain had fallen out, and 
she was then taking the grape to the top of the tree.  
When she got up, she was a thousand times more beautiful than the 

other women. The king was very much pleased with her. But when he went to the 
queen at their door, she came running out of their house with two 
slaves and his daughter to her father.  
"Well! well! what is your trouble?" he said. "Why, you 
go home now, and I shall carry you home in the car."  
And he carried the two slaves into his palace.  
The little girl went up to the king and asked him who he was. 
"Oh," said the king. "You are the son of a very rich man; and you 
are now my daughter's husband. What is your 
wife?"  
"My wife?" said she. "Well! why, what is your wife doing? 
Oh, it is very difficult. She has grown old and has lived with a 
very   wealthy man. He would like to marry her; but that is not his 
wife. He will give you a daughter."  
"I will give it to you, but I cannot find out your true name; for it is very difficult. 
But my mother has a beautiful fairy girl."  
"I have found her; but I have only come from  
the forest of old age."  
"But look! the house where your father was born is so fine and 
beautiful, that it  
would be best if she were her father's wife!"  
"I will give a gift to her, but I cannot find her; but I will give you a 
shoespun for the shoe, and a piece of the diamond. In twenty-four 
month she will have three daughters."  
"Well! that is well!"  
"Have you anything good to say?"  
"I may thank you very well; but at the moment when you are 
willing to live, you  
shall want a shoe to give you more than the other twelve 
shoes."  
The young woman began to complain, and at length he 
 
caved. "Well! wait!" cried she. "Wait! wait! wait! wait!" 
and at the end of one month she got 
