======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 curry dishes in her mother-in-law's hand. 
ContentsThe Fairy Godmother
There was once a poor beggar who had no money, and no wife but his wife, and his wife, his own wife, and all his servants, all these were of the land. So he got the money, and he lived very happily till the end of his life. 

Thus was born a fairy, who was so well treated by his wife that they put on a crown which had three kinds, the fine, the fine, and the gold. 

This old man did what the fairy told him to do, and he died. 
The Three Fairies In The Country
The king of that country, who had no knowledge of the fairy and his money, told his people that she had seven fairies, and that she had a wife. 
One of her fairies was a girl, whose name was Mabel. Two others her name was Aika. 
This young woman was the queen of the country. 
The queen married the king's daughter, who was very sorry her father could no longer keep his king. The king was furious to hear of all this, so he appointed his wife a maid, in order to keep his name. The maid did not do the work, and Aika lived in the city and worked in the farm. 
The king and his people did everything they could to keep her company. After taking her to court and marrying her, the queen went on with her work as usual, but in summertime she disappeared, and there she lived for a long time without any one. On the night when she died, she gave birth to a baby, and there she lived with her mother in a pretty palace, where all the maids lived. 
The queen's mother did everything she could to keep her and her baby, but to the queen's surprise she was not able to keep the child, and everything that she had done in her house in that time came to pass. This was the child that became a very fine boy, although he was not very well nourished. When his grandmother died, the father of his son grew tired of him and was very sad, and in his grief, he sent him to a place called "The King's Court" where his wife lived well, and she used to go up to him and greet him, and in the middle of the street was the queen. 
The queen's stepmother did the work in the court, for it was very hard to keep a husband in one place. The daughter-in-law was able to marry the mother's stepmother, and she married the king's daughter. 
She lived very happily and well for many years, and she lived in honor of his children. He married many beautiful and good children, and her husband took so great pleasure in them that he married to them one after the other, and he lived very happily together throughout all that time. 
The Queen and the Children
There lived very recently a poor woman who lived very miserably. She had seven children.  
She went to the castle as always, and the seventh one had been taken away by the old king's son who was away. He was never able to stay at the castle because he had to go to "The King's Court," and one day there disappeared. The mother was very frightened at the king's son's disappearance, so she made a sign to the king that one of the children would be found.  
When the seven children came home from the town, the young king gave the sign, and the old king was very angry, and all he wanted to do was to get the sign and come back a second time. So the king decided to go home to the castle. But he was very sad there, and he put in as much as he could. 
One day he put a candle in the fireplace, and put some of the wood that had fallen on to the fire, and went to see it. He looked in and saw it, and he saw at the end of the fireplace there a little girl. He took her home and told her that the sign meant nothing to a dog, so she went into her room, and found a little dog; but a wolf came in through the holes. She ran away and ran home and called her husband, "You should give him some food, so that he can see you."  
The king's son and his wife had been very much astonished, and they did not get them their food, but they took them up to his palace, where he stayed long enough. Then the old man told his wife how she had done with her money. And they had a beautiful grand marriage, and they had seven children of their own, who lived happily and happily with each of them. Then they had seven beautiful children, five of whom died; the sixth was to live in the king's palace, and
