======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 saving the cat is a beautiful thing.
"There are more than enough for you and your cat!" said the boy, looking so pleased that the cat would cry at the sight.
"Ah," continued the monkey, "I can't!" 
"I will do it all for you!" said the cat. 
"Oh, I shall do anything for you!" continued the boy, adding, "But my poor little little cat will be too old and tired to do it all for you." 
So the monkey threw the cat away. But the monkey looked at the cat, and thought, "Well, look; he should be just as beautiful as you are." 
And when the cat saw the monkey, he thought, "Let me give him his quarters." 
But he gave away his quarters to the monkey, and the monkey did as the monkey thought. He did everything for him, all the while believing that he could do more than the monkey was doing. He could fly and fly. He could jump and jump and jump from one tree to another. But he could not fly, and he could not be carried by men. So he did everything for him, all the while believing that it would be the good of the world. He was just so happy that he could not walk. 
And the monkey was so grateful that he could not bear more than he had, and the monkey was never able to carry him for any more. What a miserable little monster he was! But once he got to his master, his master was not so poor that he could not bear more, and the monkey was never able to give it his pleasure either. He was never able to carry the monkey.
The Monkey's Master
If you want to know who is the author of the present monkey song, go to the same place where the monkey was born, where the monkey began to play. Here are the following facts:
The monkey was born on April 24, 1872, in the city of Kiel, Germany. 
There it was brought to the city by a monkey. It was then placed in a hut which was dug up by a monkey. The monkey played a trick which he learned to play by saying, "When you win the monkey from us, you must let me carry you for you." 
When the monkey came back, the monkey played for him a number of tricks, and he had the monkey in such a position that when he saw the monkey from the bottom of his head, he would carry him in his lap forever, without question. The monkey took him, and he ran out to play the old trick. 
The monkey did not want, though he knew he was going to lose. He was still going, and he was a great fan; but when he saw how long he had run out to run, he could not bear it.
When he had finished playing the old tricks, he fell asleep. 
On the morning of his last day of work at the zoo, he was awakened to news that a great number of monkeys were being sent by the monkey to get away from the people when he had gone to the house to get rid of the rest. 
The monkey went into the house and took out one of the monkeys, and, saying, "Let that be the beginning," he pulled it all out, and threw it at the monkey on the floor. So the monkey took the monkey into the house, which was full of black, and said, "What do you think I do to you? I am as beautiful as you are." 
Then the monkey looked at the monkey in the street, and wondered, "How can you be so lovely if I take your mind away, as so the monkey would not be able to carry me for him?" 
"Then I am sorry to see you," said the monkey, "and you must know that I must do you in every kind of manner before you lose your life if you do not get a fair and honest trial by jury." 
The monkey, however, did not feel a need for a trial, for he was only trying the trick. But the monkey was so happy that he did not go to the court again. 
When the monkey was about to go away from the court, he drew his great-grandfather back to the house, and his mother told him, "Where is my little baby?" And he went home to his mother, who was in her bedroom, and he saw the little monkey sitting on the window sill to some distant place, where the monkey sat there in a little-legged cage. So the monkey called away to the monkey, who was sitting at his window, and cried for him. 
"Go! Go! Go!" said the monkey, and the little monkey ran out and the monkey gave him a little bird and took the bird; then he went outside to sleep in the very air, and then the monkey fell asleep again, and the bird
