======== SAMPLE 1 ========
And came it out of his chest,
The poor peasant, that was born again.

 


Cinderella 

From a young age the peasant girl was forced to attend the village for herself and to work. She was educated by the menial,
poor peasant work. When she came to meet those who were good enough to pay her,
her life was spared. She had gone by the way, and her mother was at the dinner table,
and she had brought home a fine bag of food and cooked it herself.
When she was older, she was driven to carry baskets of bread and cakes,
and some of them she brought home.
When she went to get them and look at them, she remembered how
she could help them with their food:
To carry her basket of bread, to find the money.
Her mother said,
Now you look at me, I shall return and carry my basket of bread,
to my house, to my place of poverty.
Now she brought the bakery to her, I shall carry the bag
of bread to mine place of poverty, where there was no bread to be had.

As soon as the baker came back as usual he was not able to find
anything in it. His loaf had been cut into pieces, and then the
bakery made up
it, and the mother went away and carried it home.
 
A large man stood there, but no one was looking. It didn't take him
long to ask for her money. He gave her some gold, and she gave it
to him. He asked the woman to get some of
her bread, but she didn't eat it.
"You want your child back, and if you do, then I'll give the
money to that child as well."
But she didn't, and she never wanted her child back.
The man handed the money over, and the bakery was
left like that. When he heard the woman ask the man to
give it over, he could have given her a piece of money, and she
would only have died.
Now her husband said,
"If someone wants the money for the child, and it looks so good
that I'd like to give it over, then I'll give it
to that woman.
He asked her what she would do. She didn't say anything,
because she was ashamed.
"Don't worry, just let the old woman go."
Then he left the bakery and went to his
caterer, the man who had opened it up; and there he took
the money and went back to his life and to his work, and then he

called his wife.
One day he saw him, and asked the old woman for
the money. She was quite angry, but did not
ask for her money, so she gave her the money, and said in
the same words of speech, that she would give
him whatever he wanted when he would give her the money.

Then he called his wife the next day.
"What do you want from me! What do you want from me?"

She asked him the next day.
"Give as much as you can, and you'll give the
money. The old woman, by the way, would give this all to her
husband, and his wife would give that to another woman to do for him.
So he went over to the woman, who said,
"The old woman is very angry, but you will not even give
that to the woman who has been beaten, so you will have to do
the same thing and give up money that I gave you."

She would never give up this money, because she was not
grateful if it was given back.
Then the woman said,
"Now you will think of me, that I was the one who gave her
the money, and that if you would give to me for that, the
money in gold will never come back."

Then she went to the woman, and called for her
blood. She took the money and made her drink, and
once more she went to the old woman's house, and took the cup
with the blood. When she was drinking, she saw the
old woman bleeding and the woman was crying. She said,
"Father, I'm really dead, and I can't get your blood
for you. You must tell me how you can get back your
blood, and I won't do anything."

Then the old woman was afraid, she told her
mother, and she was able to get her hands out of the
old woman's
blood.
Then she looked out and saw where the old woman had
been and saw the blood from him. Finally she said,
"I'm going to pay you whatever you want."
The old
