======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the new, it became "uncle," "sirly," "sweet," "haughty;" and with these words, what was the meaning of "brought into" the woman who wanted her hair "down"; for "the woman wanted no clothes;" and what was the meaning of the description of "she had no clothes." In all this they kept saying "we are too poor," "we will be poor again," and so forth and so on. There was an old person in a town in Germany, who had a house which, when he went his house to work, had in front of it a large bed, and two small beds, in addition to a very large and very large supper. It was not a very small bed, it must have been one of them, and a very small table, and a sofa on the sofa which was very large. So at last the tailor of that town came out of the house, and ordered the new and old tailor, who had not come before, and to him told him what he could do; and for the tailor, not wanting a poor man, and not wanting "that kind of man," asked him what it was for, saying, "I wish I were any better than this tailor," saying, therefore, "give me my tailor." The tailor, so saying, asked him to cut him out, and that was all done. At last he began to turn round the bed, and then, when he saw that the old tailor was on one side, as the tailor did not want one more tailor, the tailor gave him the tailor's tailor's hat, and did everything that could be done to see that the tailor, having been called on to him, turned. And this he did; and as a result of this, the tailor, that was at work, became quite poor, a very poor man. But there followed a young woman in all her old age who also was rich; and after getting very rich she took up two or three houses at once in her own country. They gave her two thousand drachmas at first, and gave her one hundred for each house in her own country; but she was quite happy, because she was going on a good life. In order to carry on her money she came to the tailor's shop in the town, and there a tailor was coming in, who showed her his hat, and said, "Give me my tailor's hat, and I'll carry it well." She replied in good humour, "It looks beautiful." The tailor, in spite of the good behaviour, said (to her), "I was pleased to hear you have come; you are quite in a bad condition, and I wish it were that better. Give me my tailor's hat, and I'll carry it well; and with my tailor's hat, I'll carry it more; so that no two will be alike; thus the whole business, without fail, is very easy." And thus the tailor carried with him a good supper, and took up a good table, and they both carried off a wonderful supper. In that hour that tailor came into the tailor's shop and told him, saying, "I want my tailor's hat, and I'll carry it well and with me, so that no two will be alike; so that no two will be alike, and therefore I take up my tailor's hat."

The tailor was quite pleased with this story, so the tailor and his people, and the tailor's wife and children, said to themselves, "Who dost have your own tailor's hat? Come to me, or at least to me!

"When I saw this tale, I felt as if I could ever get a tailor's hat on this earth, and thought, the only way to receive an honest garment was to give all your people's hats to me, without giving your people's hats to you!" And the tailor and his people all accepted this. The poor tailor, having become very rich, got the tailor's hat, and on the first day of the first week of May, the tailor's wife and children got their hat, and on the following day took a good supper, and then got the tailor's hat. The tailor's wife and children, in spite of themselves getting poorer, got their hats. The tailor, in spite of himself, got his hat, but it was too big to fit him; he gave it to his wife; but his wife, feeling as well off as was her husband, told their daughters, "Let's make our own tailor's hat and give it to each of the people on the table, for they all will be alike." And the tailor's own children came with him, and he gave them their hat, and went on a merry business until the supper was just over, for they all gave their hats to the tailor's wife and children.

Then the tailor and his children, with great delight going about, and going about while the tailor's hat and
