======== SAMPLE 1 ========

"No I won't, and you know what? Let them all go."   
"That's it for you?"
"Just take me to the tree, and I'll keep the 
bush."   
"You can stay there, so I'll bring me the 
bush if you want."   
"What tree?"
"The tree. It's got wings on it."   
"Yes, but my name is Nellie, but I don't 
love it."   
"Let me see," says the boy, "I'm the only one 
that likes it. Be it on this side or at the other."   
"Then it's so easy, I'll take you. There's no 
boots to help you, it just needs your hand. I'm 
your friend and the other tree has my name."   
"Oh, I'm sorry; I haven't got my shoes."
"You were speaking to me, so let's go!"   
The boy went in quick and there was little trouble there.   
Then the woodman sprang through the tree.    
"You see, here's the wood on top," says the boy, "and I 

don't care about what the other tree says, so let's go."   
"Just go, get rid of the other tree; you haven't 
got anything for you."   
And while they were going off he looked down, and said, "Look!"   
"See I won't, and you know what?"   
And the boy went on, and they both knew each other.    
Then the man came to his wife and said, "You have no hope. I 

don't want to see you, but if I can, your beautiful wife 

will be happy for ever."   
A miracle occurred that all things occurred at once, and they 

got into an enchanted forest.   
"Now it is the twelfth night of the year, and, when 

the sun goes down, it's a very bad year," says the 

tree, "and the twelfth night, it's a beautiful season. But 

and the twelfth night, it's a beautiful season because, now 

it's a twelfth night, the tree knows no end." Then, in a voice 

unfathomable, he said to the tree, "You have become

an animal with wings on it; I won't stop you."   
And the tree turned into a twelfth tree."   
"Go to the next one," says the monkey.   
"I'll go now, too, but if you want, I won't leave you 

in the tree, for you can't stop me."   
The monkey was laughing, but the boy said, "Come, let's go 

with the twelfth tree, we'll do whatever you can to 

reach it, and I'll do whatever you can to 

reach it."   
The monkey was laughing, but the boy said, "Look, 
now I won't kill myself!"   
The monkey turned in time and out of him came a beautiful 

lover of flowers, a lady of the forest and a tree.   
"This beautiful flower," says the monkey, "looks at me like 

a flower whose wings are white and black, and I know that it 

is a twelfth time."   
"That isn't good enough," replied the monkey.    
And the fairy, thinking that he might not lose 

his temper, and taking a piece in his hand, and taking 

out his handkerchief, took off his twelfth flower and stood on 

the twelfth tree.   
Once again, a miracle occurred.    
"You can find it," says the monkey to his companion as the next 

twelfth tree was beginning to turn and fly.   
"And when it turns, it is a twelfth time," says the 

tree as long as the monkey still lives.   
And this very same moment the twelfth tree, which was 

about six centuries old, and which no longer flew for 

twenty or thirty years, came to an end, and was stopped by 

the tree for the following time.   
The monkey saw no more flowers. There was 

nothing to do but look
