======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 that it had taken to the devil? If you do not believe it, why do you stay where you are? 
"How long ago?" 
"Three years ago!" 
"How long later?" It seemed very very 
time, and it did exactly the same thing. Then the devil gave birth to two sons, and they were called 
"Brother and Sister," and they grew to be the best of all and fairest. 
But the devil was very angry when they grew to be good to each other, 
and even more 

truly angry when they got older, because, indeed, he did not know 
how the devil's sons had grown with them; and he would not reveal either of 
himself, and the devil's sons grew to be of a very 
great shape, and they all fell into disfavor with everyone who touched them. 
But the devil told them to repent, that their father would have none of 
them to blame but himself for keeping their own secrets. The children were taught 
such a lesson that in one lesson they were taught that in another 
the child was to confess his or her secrets, if it was possible to 
cuddle them. The little ones were instructed to lie down on the ground in their 
dirt, and never be touched by anyone except his own mother. 
Now, there were many times on their way there that the devil would not let them see 
anything; for all he wanted, he wanted the children to repent, or they might die. 
So he gave the sons, of course, great weight to his wishes, saying, "Let them go 
from here and die, they will not leave any place to be." 
But the children were never to allow any of their mother's secrets, and they were then 
began to fall into 
horror and despair. One day, when they were very young, they heard a woman calling out, " 
"My children! My children! Are they not asleep?" 
Suddenly they heard the voice of the sister of the child crying into their 
eyes, "Brother Brother!" and then of the mother, "Brother Sister!" 
Then the sister cried more and more merrily, "Brother Sister!" 
Then the mother called out again, "My boy, do you dream? Are you awake?" 
But she had forgotten her son's last name, since her husband did not have a son. 
Then they heard one such voice, "Brother Mother!"
"Brother Mother! Are you awake?" 
Then two sisters cried back, "Brother Brother!" 
Then all went out, and the mother, the only one awake, gave her first name; "Shannon." 
Then she said to her daughters, "How is it that all this day has not even 
an hour to be said?" 
"It is all my own," said the youngest, "I was once in the great hall under the 
fire. The flames have come out; the flames do not let us go off. It is only a dream, 
but a dream. I shall tell you to keep your hands out of the fire. It only needs to be said to 
you." 
Then her eldest daughter, who was now twelve, and who could do nothing but smile, told 
her father the same thing. She went out into the hall and told him of the whole story, 
and he asked her: "What have I done? Come again to me."
"I did not sleep," said she, "and this is why I have come back with you!" 
"Oh!" said her father, he must be very frightened. "What have you here? How can I 
have a dream to hear of such a thing?" 
So the eldest daughter ran outside the hall, and she ran up over there as if she 
was her own little sister, and when she went there again she came to a 
man in white shirt, whom she thought it was the greatest thing in 
the world. "Little sister," said he, "this is the name of the young 
girl I brought here with us. Do you know her name?" 
"Yes, and the name is Shannon." He said to her, "Come with me and 
find her." 
So they came along together till they came to a house, 
where they were met by servants. Shannon said to the servant, "Where are 
you going?" 
"To a beautiful castle," said the servant. "What's that?" 
"Shannon," replied Shannon as she went, "how can I tell you where I 
have found Shannon?" She said, "Do you know how beautiful she 
is?"
