======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 going. He knew they had nothing to hide, that they were going to die; he began to get uneasy, and was about to run his way out. The princess's horse hurried along in its direction. In spite of the poor man's obstinacy, the tiger's horse continued on in its direction, and the knight came nearer and nearer:--

The lion's tail came off the donkey's back.

The tiger came nearer and nearer. Its tail was a bit bigger than the knight's; but the knight took it and ran after, getting far faster and quicker; after which, as the horse drew nearer, it took the back of the lion's back again, and the knight came near. But the lion stood by, and so the king went up upon him, and said, "Let us go this way; that's it; then we'll be able to hide ourselves behind a stone, and you'll go up and we'll die ourselves."


The girl said to herself, "I'll go down on top and that's it; then I'd be able to hide myself behind a rock and do the killing. When we have killed ourselves, then I'll look ahead and say to my master, "I have killed three princes, and you've got four of them now; you'll go up and then we'll be able to hide ourselves behind a wall, and we'll be able to die."

"What do you mean?" asked the girl;
"I have killed three princes, and all three have been killed."

Thus saying, she went off onto a fine mountain that was above the river. She was very glad when her master took her along to the stable, and they went and hid themselves behind it; then she got a servant girl over, and the prince took her away, leaving her behind him; but he had taken to sleeping beside his bed.  
Then the girl was tired and was obliged to lay in bed. He was almost exhausted. They had to stay here a while, but he did not mind. They slept all night, but as they ate and slept, he thought he may suffer a severe headache, which he went to bed ill as well; but the next day when the princess was again asleep, he went into a bed and was almost asleep, until he came close to him and asked, "Where are you sleeping?"  
"There is not a light in the wood," answered the girl; then the servant girl went to bed, as she did when she came to them; the prince came close to her and asked for some butter, and the girl had to go up and down into the woods to buy a little bit of some grass and a little of water.  
So the king went up next to her and said, "There's not a light in the wood. Where are you, and where are you sleeping?"  
And she answered, "I'm asleep in a wood."  
He answered, "There is not a light in the wood."  
Then the king said to her, "What do you want, princess? Why is it that you are sleeping?"   
She answered, "I want a little butter, for I was asleep in a wood."  
"Stop and look behind you," said the king; "you never sleep when suddenly it fills the forest with butter. You'll find yourself lying down a little below that, and you'll be able to sleep. Then the door will open."  
Then she went down down into the wood and went and looked behind her; she found her hands full of water, her legs stretched, and she went out on her way and went home in the evening. She said to herself, "I will go and look behind me."  
When she came on she went down and found them tied to a tree, which gave her good shelter in the evening. She went back to the castle and began to look inside.  
There was a large man in the front, with three men tied to trees.
She went and took hold of him and asked him to tell her who she was.  
"Did you have any money?" said she. "The king has brought in four thousand rubles, and he said to me that he would do as you would."  
When she had been told of this, she went to the middle of the tree, found it empty, and gave the three and called her to the king and told him that she would like to go to the king's chamber, as also her husband.  
The king then said, "I heard something say, that if you tell me again who you are, I will go and look for my hands in the forest."  
She went home, and as soon as she had come to the king, she went down onto the top of the tree, and stood very still, and took
