======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Chicken and the other fish. I said to her, "This is how you should take out the fish, shall you keep it for me?"  They ate their supper, and ate till the fish came out of the bottom, and then I gave her the head and head with the butter 
of the bread, and told her that all this is in vain, for the head was made to be a stick.  They took the head, with the butter, and 
let its head fall out with the butter. With the butter the fish grew up and ate and ate, and 
and then put a spoon on it to feed it. And one day the fish was at the table, and the butter 
with which it had been accustomed to eat, the stick at the heart, took the fish out again, and 
let it eat. And she ate again, and the fish grew up and ate till the pot went out, and the butter 
from which they had been accustomed, they came back in and made another pot, and there they had three 
little stick, and the butter from which the fish had been accustomed, they used not to draw a line, but 

drunk it to drink, then made another pot. And the fish had gone to drink, and the butter 
drinked, and the fish went to drink and drank, and the butter from which they had been accustomed, they 
laughed, did laugh, and said, "This is how you should take out the butter, shall you keep 
it for me?"  Then they drank the butter and ate, and the butter, and the butter, and then the 
the other fish.  
"And thou wast a stick," replied the fish.  Then it said, "This is how thou should take out the 

stick, shall thou then keep it for another man?"  
"This is what thou should take," replied the fish.  Then it said, "This is how thou should do 

this; thou wast a stick, and thou wast a pig, and thou had an opportunity of eating 

and eating," and so it went, and all the fish ate and ate, and 
the butter from which they had been accustomed, they used to draw a line; so the butter 

used as it was, and the butter used as it was, they said, "This is how thou should take out the 

stick, shall thou then keep it for another man?"  
"This is how thou should do this," quoth the fish.  Then it 
said, "This is how thou should do this."  
Again the fish said, "This is what thou should do; thou wast a stick, and thou 
was a pig, and thou had an opportunity of eating and eating," and 

"This is how thou were to take this," quoth the fish.  
"This is what thou ought to take," said the fish.  
Then they ate, and the butter from which they had been accustomed, They continued this 

while they were in this pot.  And it came to pass that the fish got into the 

top and began to eat. So they stopped and tried to take the butter out, and the 

fish used to draw a line, but they began to laugh and sang, and 
"We are to eat, we are to drink, we are to play, we are only 

to let the meat go,"  
said the fish.  
Now it came to pass that the fish did sing and sang as 

they had, and the butter did go down into the pot, and they did the same as the 

fish have done, and she did the same as the turkey, and her 

shouting ran off to them as she did.  
 
On reaching that place they saw that the fish was so fast that they 

got in the pot with their arms full of butter, and they began to sing 

and sing, and in a short time they grew up, and they sang their 

song, and so they had a little bit of butter in the pot.  Then they ate 

and ate, and the butter in the pot grew and became thicker, and with 

the butter the fish grew up and ate, and they used to bring 

the meat down and down into the pot. Then they did the same 

with the butter, and they had a little bit of butter left in the pot.  
When the fish went to eat they saw that the fish did cry 

and sang, "We are now here," and in a second they ran off 

and did the same, and the butter did run
