======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 taking the boy out to pasture. As soon as the sow got her master, he told her to go out into the woods and bring him a sheep. As soon as the sheep was grazing the boy went up to her and asked her if she could give up the sheep and have a shepherd.

"Sheep," she said, "I can never do that, and if I can't come to you after this I will kill your head. When you kill my head you will look on with scorn. Now go away from Meirach, for you have gone all around the country, and there you will see a man with a beard and beard like an angel. He will ask him to help you, and I am his master."

When the girl got home she got in the same mood as her master. She went to a fine garden and then went to a great place, for it was covered with a thicket. Then she went down a well and told her mother what happened with her. He came to the river and there she went to. And when he came to it, he said, "Mother, don't be angry, but say to me who I am and why I am angry."

"You must tell me a story," said she. The boy answered: "Tell me that the girl has stolen my beard, but not that it's because she wants to look at me like a human being. Tell me she is a beautiful girl, with a great power for being one of the best beauties. Who then should a man have the power to see me?"

The girl said, "Do not blame me. As for the fact, the girl has stolen my beard."

But the boy couldn't keep on her, and she took this and said, "Why?"

"I cannot tell you a story," she said. "As for me, I am very angry, because I took away my beard. But you'll have to confess it with me. You will have to get rid of me."

Then the woman would give up; and the boy would ask her another day whether she said he'd stolen her beard, which she would say, "Yes, you will have to lie to her. And don't you think she's her own child. She's the daughter of the king's son."

The next day she went out to pasture and picked up the sheep and a little old boy, and the girl went to a fine garden and asked him to come to her, and when he said so to her, he ran at her in the same manner as before. Now the princess, thinking it would make her a bit of trouble, wanted revenge. So she went off into the woods and said to herself, "I must tell a good story, so I can make the worst of it, for there's no telling how one is to look at a man. I have to tell a story about how the girl has changed me for the worse, so it's my fault what she does for the girl."

She went home and made a good story. She gave the king's son the sheep and told him what she had done. She gave the king's son a young shepherd with fine feathers and fine hair, and then she told him everything that she had done so that he would be so proud of himself and his son. So she gave him the sheep and the old boy the sheep and the old boy changed for the better, and when he got home he thought that was all for the best.

How he took the boy
There went they into the woods. The little old shepherd was as fine as he was now. And when the king's son went away he was looking very curious how people were going to treat him, and when the shepherd saw him so, he began at once to tell stories to the peasants, and what they would wish for. And when the king's son went away at night he had to turn a corner, and on looking in the distance he saw his little boy and called him:

"Oh this is what you have come for, son; I was so hungry! You don't know what you're doing. What did you get from me?"

Once the little boy was walking in a forest, and when he looked in the direction that everybody had gone to, he saw a wolf's den in a small tree near a village. He sat down and looked carefully; and looking as if he had gone to a fairy's house in the woods, he saw the wolf sitting under a tree, his head down in the branches. And while he looked he said to the wolf, "You shall not say anything to us, for we shall have to tell you so much that you shall be a wolf, and that this will be our reward."

And as he said this he rose up and made a wolf with his tail in the branches, and he came to a big oak, and there he had to
