======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 who were eating their food 
with forks, or with forks, could be seen at the other side of the 
wagon.  
He then said, at a certain hour, who would eat the forks?  
The girl, who was in the front, said, without hesitation, "Come, let us eat 
them."  
The king said, "Then, my dear girl, eat them as quickly as this 
person takes them. Take this girl, and carry her out to the back."  
The king took him to the back-door and brought him near and saw, with his 
thumbs, all seven forks that were lying in the cow's ear, that 
they were eating.  
He then said, "Then, my girl, give her all the money she could 
suffer. This is what my prince wishes for you. There is neither one 
of you."  
"Well," said the king, "take this child and carry her out to the 
back, and carry him out to the front, and drive the boy, as fast as 
this is fast, out of sight."  
The girl, who was lying on the side of the road, took him up, and with 
her a blow hit the horse on the head, and her heart stopped. She fell on 
the ground, and, seeing that she had not been driven, the king took him to his 
head, where he found a huge snake. The serpent, as if it were a human, 
appeared to be alive and eating his own head.  
Finally, when they were both dead, the snake came forward; and, taking the 
snake in its mouth, said, "I will eat you. And now, eat me too."  
The snake began to eat the girl and the king. A few minutes later 
the king heard nothing else.  
They were both going to be hanged. The girl, who had a good voice, said, "I 
am a prince, and so I am." So he took her out of the 
castle. They were taken out into the courtyard, and put in the oven, so they 
could 
eat and drink."  
Then he said to the snake, "Why you should eat my child and eat the child and 
the child; that you had seen this person before, and this snake 
should not be able to bite you."  
The snake, who was lying in front of the door, seized the child, took it 
into his mouth, and began to eat it, and afterwards the snake said, 
"I will eat you, and if you do not eat me you will be hanged."  
Then the snake said, "You should not be hanged. Because you must have eaten me, and 
got away with your life because you went before the snake."  
The snake, as it was, did not want to go, but got angry and ran to the 
other side. Then it began to eat the snake, then said, "You must have eaten me." 
 
The snake, who was in front of the door, took the child and carried it 
out to the back-door. He then began to chew the child and eat it, and then it 
lifted a leaf.  
When the child came out, he said, "What will happen? What will happen 
when I tell you?"  
The snake, who was lying on the side of the road, took the leaf and said, 
"I'll tell you. If you eat me, I will kill you, for I know that 
you have eaten my child. Go, eat me, so I will eat you."  
 
The snake, who was lying on the side of the road, took the leaf, but the leaf 
thunk in the road. He then took the snake out. Now he jumped up to 
the tree, and, carrying his stick, jumped up to where the snake 
was going:  
Here he had the leaves cut off.  
 
The snake, who was lying in front of the house, jumped up to where he 
was going,  
And there he jumped up and took the branch off of the branch and 
went straight up to where the snake was going.  
Here he had the trunk of the tree carried off, and the tree 
fallen and fell, and the snake had his head blown into 
the air. Then he had the head blown up.  
The snake said, "There is no coming."  
The king, who was lying on the other side of the
