======== SAMPLE 1 ========
This man went to fetch the dog and
her name, and the dog's name is the same as all the others.

And so it happened. The man took her by the hand, tied her in his front leg,
and beat her until she was as soft and soft as she was. Then he lifted her up,
and covered her with white linen. Then he placed her in a big sack, and
made her climb up and down so far that even the grass was smooth as
the dirt, not a single toe on either her knees, or inside the sack,
not the dog's, or the dog's name, that she knew not, and made her
kneel and crawl behind it.
And so it was done. The man returned to the place he was at the moment when he had
found the treasure. 

One day the man went to the river to look for the water. He heard the mongoose coming
from above. What did they think, to think, that they were going to catch
up to him? "Oh, no," said the mongoose, "let him go!" So they went, and
the man found his treasure.
The same thing happened as before, for the man went to fetch the dog and the
her name. The dog's name was the same as all the others. The man lifted her up
and covered her with white linen. Then he put her into a big bag and carried her out
away with the woman to the market. 
Now the woman had eaten and drank all she might for three years, when
the farmer came to her, and said, "What do you think is the matter, my poor
woman? You see that I have done as I tell you? I would like you to
be allowed to have the money and property of any man who had given to me a
single child and three dogs, and never had any money but the money which
goes from one person to another, if any man ever gave you the money to
have a child?
The woman said, "You see how the man has kept you from having child for
three years, what was the matter?" and the man took her, and set her forth to
the market. In the meantime they came to a place where there was
a great hall full of corn which was being consumed. The husband came before
them, and they were very much pleased with him, and said, "You
may let us a little corn go into the hall that we are sitting
here in, and let us sell, and it will be enough to eat all the
weal that you have got." 
The man got the money, so he let one man come in and sell
his corn for all the corn, so all the corn, which they were selling,
there were seven thousand pounds. So they sold the meat, but the woman did
nothing but eat. 
Now they would not let one man stay with the other, and they brought him a
great kettle which they called
a "pawl," because they were willing to serve him, and said, "Pawl
is always in the hall, when his wife comes home. So let him go into the hall, and
he will serve us seven thousand pounds, and we shall never see
him again."
 
Then the man took her again, tore her with his back at his waist,
punched her with his hands, and put her on his back. Then he
put the man into a small sack, and tied her in that one
knot, and put her in a big sack. And so they made
her walk around the place, and she went in and came forth, and he let
him take her into the small sack. And she went on her way. 

So the man was out with her.
Then they left her up the little hill where they had
docked at the place they came into, and the women
were in a great deal of trouble. For, as the woman's husband
said, he had eaten more, and had been very ill. And
after she had gone he went to the market, said, "This man
has taken all that money from me, and he is not rich anymore."
 
And he made her the best she could be, for she had become so great
that they would have been as poor. 
"Well," said the woman, "you came again, and you say you
had eaten enough. Then, says he, you'll put the money out
there. Now take him into another house."  
So the woman took him into the little sack, and then they
took her into a big sack. And they made her walk around
that house, and she came forth. Again she went to the
hundred pounds
