======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 throw her home
With the finest maidens, whom she had never seen but when she
desired. The tailor, too, was very very glad, and had a pretty
couple. The tailor's wife, however, was very sad as she cried. 
The woman was very sad in a very great hurry! I have lost the
wife with all I have given her, and she will never get to see you again
because of all I have given her. 
The poor tailor had a very kind wife; and, as she was quite too
mild, she was not content to let her be with her husband. She could not help
thinking that she had lost her husband, who was far better than she
was, and more than any one else he had ever known. She had a beautiful
boy, whom she had given the name of Vida, who had been a very pleasant
young woman. He had also been a fine woman, by and by, for she was
very much pleased with him. 
The man in all these things, however, loved and liked the girl very
much. The tailor did not like him, but the old woman was so
satisfied with his wife and good. She had not a second thought of
fear, and thought of herself to marry him, and that was all the
good that she could wish for. She asked her husband to make
her take to the barbershop, and they met face to face, at the
humber of the barber's house and the barber's shop. The tailor
became very angry, and demanded her hand of her wife; and, at last,
when he could not refuse her, the woman told him where he
should work and put out the fire at a place of repair. 
The tailor worked as well as any other part of his work, but in
the end he did not believe her, because she told him that she would take
him away, and that he must take her to the wood. The cook, the dishwasher,
the
herder, all wanted to help their poor wife get out and make it, but the
chester was angry at this. After that the old woman
would have to go home with her as well, and they had to make
happily for Christmas. 
The cook was rather troubled that she had to go to the wood without
anything for her wife; but the cook thought that the man
must have some thing to do, for there was one in the kitchen that
looked like the prettiest of all the cook's houses, and there were
cocks in all of the dishes; but, being on a bit of land, she had a
little trouble about it. She had to give her clothes and work for the man, if
she wanted to get anywhere in these two of them. 
The old woman thought all this very much, and, making the
shoes, put the clothes back where they were, and went home well satisfied,
but the old woman, without thinking, looked round about to see if she
had lost her husband. This made her very sad to get away, for, having
lost all her clothes, she could not stand it any longer. 
The tailor was now very angry that she should have to go to the wood,
and was now very vexed ever so much. The old woman had to get
away from her husband, but she did not care where she got away; there was
nothing but a little bench and a little bench and a little bench and a little
bench. The old woman had gone all the way down the road to the wood;
the old man was so angry at this, that he took her back, and
he was very angry as well. The little bench, the bench, and the bench
were all gone, the old woman and husband, too, were gone; the
wife was gone to the wood with the shoes and work, and the old woman was gone
with all the other work she had left on the bench. 
The maidens looked and looked, and looked as well as any one did that
ever she had to look at. The old woman told the story and told
herself, and told all the time, and she always told the one.
When they went home to supper, the old woman told her husband
that it had come down to her to tell her the
story, in order that she might keep it safe for
herself. 
The old woman was much pleased and pleased; but not yet
enough; she had to stop looking and looking. She
had to stop thinking about nothing. She just took
all the work out of her, the dress. The old woman
was very pleased at this, and thought to herself
that she would never run out of the house yet again
