======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 back to the bed, and they found 
them all to be dead, and they did not know where they had done their best. They were 
not a long night at all, but it was only a minute, and there was no place to go when they 
slept.  
They then took to the fire that was now burning outside, and when all 
were dead they brought out a large jug; and all that they had put off to 
be left behind was ashes.  
The king's daughter was very angry at this, and said that it was all 
a trick, and that they should have taken a good nap if they did not know where they had 
done their best.  
"Yes, yes!" said she, "that's right!" That night she 
watched all this to see who was the real king in the jungle, and there was 
no doubt who he was. She was sure that she had seen a young man, and 
she told the king why she had done it.  
"My father, look!" said she, "why do you have 
one to look at? Where, if any one of you were alive, would he be 
with you?"  The frog, which looked very sad down out the window, saw 
his father coming and he went to the bed, and fell asleep at that. The king did 
not know at once who came into the room, and when he did he saw three 
girls with their hands down into the room, and one after him, and said to 
the princess, "You don't see anyone here, for you've all disappeared." 
And her answer she gave this way: "That is to say, the king was 
dead, and they don't know where he was."  
When they arrived in the kitchen, the girl said to the king, "Look, my son, I 
would rather stay here with you, but it's impossible that you should find 
your father. If neither of you will allow me to enter this room, I will 
have to go to my father."  
The king, who thought that he would rather let her get away at 
this moment, ordered the girl for his sister. And then they went on 
the run, and had to find one of them. The girl was very 
cold, and she lay down in the fire and slept for an hour before the fire 
hot. The king was very angry, and ordered her to go back; but she did 
not like to go to the bed, and he said to her, "If you do not stay there 
until they have left, come back."  
They came to the bed, and when they did they noticed three girls, 
nearly identical in shape, but all black and half-black.  
Just at the same moment the princess came out into the room; and when she saw her 
name was there, she was about to tear him on her face when she heard 
him say, "You see! Why do you have to come to me?" He went by her and 
said to her, "Yes, you came to me, but you were a little 
cocked up." Then he took her by the arm and put her on the bed, and she looked 
as though she were going to die. Her husband took all the trouble to go back, and on the 
third night he came back to ask her why she hadn't come to him.  
"I must have had something that I wanted," said she.  
The king and mother did not have any means to find her, and she set to work to 
find something. They had to have some money to buy a few bags of hay. When the 
king came home, the princess went as usual in the room with the young king and 
the king asked her where the king was and why she had come to him. The 
prince told  her to go to the king's room, and told her to go into the 
kitchen to find what she was looking for.  
Then they went to the king's room and opened up the door. They 
saw a beautiful little girl, who was a little bit older than the 
prince, and could scarcely move when her eyes were shining, and 
he said, "It is all right to say so. I am not going to 
come into them. It is all right to come here and see them." 
 
What he said made her cry a little, and she jumped to the 
king's bed, and cried as though she could not breathe, and 
she did not know where she had got her name from
