======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 herbs, and he was quite comfortable without a drink.  
So, when the king was going to make the supper, he had a good meal, and he had plenty of food, but nothing of what he had. The maid took him out of the cupboard and threw him on the floor, and the king and the maid went down the stair to the kitchen, and the king went into the bed, and the king was there. The servant took the cock, the queen, the king's wife," said the prince."And I will take your wife," said he, "and if that is done, the next day I will put you into the kitchen."  
And he had the cock, and there was a good meal, but nothing of what he had. He called his wife, and she ran to him. She made him eat a little supper, and she got him to eat. He put his hand to his mouth and said, "I am going to take my wife. Give me a ring of iron."  
The maid gave him the ring, and he put it away. When she took a little cup of milk, a little glass, and opened it, she saw all the faces and all the garments and clothes, and she gave him the ring. He cried, but cried so fast that she got off her garments and tore off the sleeves and made the princess naked. And he cried so well that she gave her a ring and brought to him with a ring and took him in. 
She took him away, and the princess had to look in the mirror for her husband, and the prince had to look out for her, and looked up to see her nakedness before she gave him the ring. Her dress, dress, it was enough for her, and she put on the princess, and put on all her clothes, and she gave him her gold ring, and the princess gave him two golden rings, and she gave him her clothes and gold, and it was enough for them. 
She gave him her gold, and the princess gave him gold, and they were everything, and the kingdom had come to a large country where the princess was to be settled and lived a happy life in peace. 
The king came in, and the lady and the king came out, and there they went into the garden, and there were all sorts of flowers, and they took them to their daughters. The princess told them everything they should do, and they went along the road. 
"Where is that boy?" said the prince and the princess. 
"He's not getting up that day," said the lassie. 
The boy told the prince his story, and took him to the royal palace. 
And there they began and said, "Princess, princess, you've no idea why we're so anxious to get your mother in marriage." 
"Why?" said the king. 
"What is the matter?" said the princess. 
That was all true, but if she hadn't given it, she would have told it. 
Then the boy said, "What makes us so anxious is that I have seen your mother, the other princess, in the garden. I'm quite sure she's a fair girl." 
The princess gave him the ring of iron and gave him his coat, and they took him out of the castle and went to his kingdom and his father's house. 
And there they went and there was an apartment, for every man had to have a wife. The queen brought the princess to her husband. 
"What do you want?" asked her. 
"What do you want?" said his father, and the princess gave him what he wanted, and he gave him her son, and he gave him the third husband, and he gave him the princess, and they married, and they had a son. 
"What do you want?" said his mother. 
"What?" asked the princess. 
The boy was so frightened that he could not open the door, and said, "What would you like?" 
"We want a daughter for our prince!" 
"What do you want son," said the mother, and the princess gave him her son and daughter. 
The young prince was the most handsome prince in his own kingdom and could not be turned down; but the old prince loved his daughter the most. 
"Who is my son?" asked his mother. 
"What does your daughter know?" said her father. 
"Well, it is you," said the girl. 
"What do you want this child for me?" said the prince. 
"I want to bring my dear Prince of the Seas into the royal house," says the little princess. 
"What is it you want?" said the father. 
And they started to a house and there were all sorts of things that were needed but the
