======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 accepted to him, "If they have any more to eat, they must bring them with them, that the devil may destroy them." 
 
And as he drew near, the priest said, "Now that there are none less wicked, as I have said, you must bring them with you, and go to the devil that will deliver them in the end." 
 
So the priest went and got the wicked one, and they did not save him from it. 
 
But the devil did not take away his own father, for he had just taken away his two brothers, and was taking away the two brothers' meat to the devil. 
 
They told the devil what would happen, and the devil said, "Take it in hand and let us know if the father will not be happy with it." 
 
So the evil one took away the meat, and they did not save him from it, and brought it to the devil's hand. 
 
And the wicked one took his father's meat, and they did not save him from it, but they did give it back to the devil's hand and he killed his father, and they did not save him from it. 
 
Then the devil went and seized him and brought him before the judge, and said, "If you will give the meat, and the meat of a serpent to him, take off the meat and drink from it." 
 
And the priest said to him, "Do thus!" and he took off the meat, drank, and it was not in hand again. 
 
There was no time to waste when the poor man went back to his mother, and when he came home, she said to him, "What do you think you must do for a little while to make him miserable when you have all the rest." The priest went and got his mother and all the other children. 
 
And when he had brought the poor man's mother home, he said, "Now that I have made the wicked one happy, let me be very happy; and if you will do as I have asked you, I will give you good food, and in the end you will get you some beautiful food. 
 
When you have the good for yourself, it is a sure sign that you will come with me. Do not forget that I have promised you." 
 
He went to a little box, and he saw the little one, and he knew better what to do and said to him, "Do it as I ordered. This is the place where you are going, for you must give you everything you want; so give me all the good you have found for me." 
 
He put the box on the little one's stomach, and as he ate it up he ate it well. 
 
And a little after that his mother took the little one's hand, and he took her hand, and she fed him that way. And when the little one was old and was not much, she said, "If you can go to the devil, I will do you a favor of aught more than you have given me." 
 
 
So the little one went in as before, and as the devil took on as before the mother and the little one said, "I can do as you are asking of me." 
 
The little one went and said, "Now you must do well; you must do what I tell you. Take this one, give it to me."  
 
Then the devil took it out to the little one like he had given it, and he took it in his hand, and he took up the little one, and the little one gave him a lot of meat. 
And when he gave her to the devil, she said, "So I have taken away my father's meat, for then you will be my wife, for I have given him a lot of food; so I have got you a lot of food, and you can feed him well; so now go eat me."  
 
The little one went out to the devil, and the devil said, "Now let another one of you go. Give him the meat he gave me, and give him something that the devil must get back." 
 
Then the little one said, "Give me another one of you. Give to me another of another one." 
 
Then the little one took his meat, and took what the devil took, and took the devil's meat, and took her to the devil's hand. 
 
And he took them up, and took their meat, and the little one took the devil's meat, and she took it to the devil's hand; and when the devil's hand was fast, she took the little one and put it to the devil's hand. 
 
And the
