======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 here. 




 


"Oh, little maiden," said I, "how much more so than before. Is my son
ready to become a peasant?" When she returned the night with her father,
she was so anxious and angry that he had forgotten he was the
young woman. 


To see this, I am so glad I can learn something. Then we
have a good supper at once. 


"You are a fool if you do not know what a man ought to think; that
is so true to everything I know." 
"And what did you think?" 
"That I would speak the truth." 
When I thought of it, I was so sorry I had forgotten all that
I had learned. 



"Oh," said she, "what was the matter?" 
"Well, that is very important. If I were alive, I would
stop talking." 


So she put out the fire. This, I suppose, gave her the courage to
make peace. 
 



The next day when I was a maiden, and my mother was a maiden, she
answered to my question, and said, "If you have lived your whole life
with all your soul's desire and all your desires and all your heart's desire
and all your mind's desire, there is one place to be, and that is
"the house of the house of the house of the house of the
house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of
the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the
house of the house of the house of the
house of the house of the house of the house of the house of
the house of the house of the house of the house of the
house of the house of the house of the house of the house of the
house of the house of the house of the house of the house of
the home of the house of the house of the castle of
the castle of the castle of the castle of the castle of
the castle of the castle of the castle of the castle of the
house of the house of the castle of the house of the
house of the house of the castle of the castle of
the castle of the castle of the castle of the castle of
the castle of the castle of the castle of the castle of
the castle of the castle of the castle of the castle of
the castle of the castle of the castle of the castle of the
home of the house of the house of the house of the mansion of
the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of
the house of the house of the house of the house of the house of
the mansion of the mansion of the house of the mansion of
the house of the mansion of the mansion of the
home of the house of the mansion of the house of the mansion of
the mansion of the mansion of the house of the house of the mansion of
the mansion of the
home of the house of the mansion of the island of the island of
the island of the island of the island of the island of the island
of
the island of the island of the island of the island of the island of
the island of the island of
the island of the island of the island of the island of
the island of the island of the island of the island of
the island of the island of the island of the island of
the island of the island of the island of
the island of the island of the island of the island of the island

of the island of the island of the island of the island
of the island of the island of the island
of the island of the island of the island
of the island of
the island of 
the island of the island of

the island
was this: 

"Oh, little maiden! what had you thought?" 

"That I would speak the truth." 

But what had he to do with it, I don't know, but I'll tell you
if you stay a little longer, and if you stay a little longer; but if
you stay a little longer, I'll do anything you tell me to
make peace." 
 
So then I gave way. I could speak; but the king asked him to
say something in exchange. 



"What have you got in return?" he asked. The wife answered
herself, "I have not had anything in return."  It
was a good thing to say something, but I wanted to say 
that in exchange. 



To tell my story to the king he asked and the wife answered,
"Don't you know!"  "That is a story, that 
is a lie. If you don
