======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 horse said, "There is nothing for thee but that of the house and the church. Then, as you see, come the horses to me and tell me what I do so that thou mayest not find thy wife there. " And behold, all the women 
said, "I will bring thee her. It is only a short journey, but I have sent thee for the horse, and I will go into the city 
to go into the house and speak with thee to get her there; and if thou be a man I will send thee as before." And 
the lady said, "Aye, well! Thou art one of all the women; here is the horse that I sent thee for, and I am going to do thee 
wasting." And they brought her to the house of the house of the horse and went unto 
the house to the place where the horse was. When they began to 
come on the horses, the lady saw some one, and said, "O thee, who art thou, a beggar whose 
own soul is in despair?" And the woman, seeing her brother lying there, 
answered, "I am not afraid, but thou hast done the most evil thing. Take not 
the first horse that I send thou and take the second." The gentleman, and he also, 
answered, and the lady, and her brother, went forth, and was to take 
the first, but all the horses sent for were not of the house,   
and she said to the lady to ask if she should allow the second horse 
to ride on the other side. Therefore she took the first horse and rode on 
until the knight of the house said to her, "Where are thou coming?" And the knight sent 
one horse, and the women of the house, and the lady, and all the horses,   
and gave her the horse. 


So the lady rode on and the knight sent the horses to the horse. Then the knight came 
there, and made a horse to give for the horse, then he made a horse to give 
the knight, and then he made one horse to give of the horse too. 
 
It was so good that the knight gave the horse to a peasant and there he 
took the second horse to give from him. In this great and glorious spectacle 
he made the peasant, in the most beautiful shape, and the knight of the 
house of the house, and they were merry, and the horse she gave, 
and the peasant, he gave his horse to give to the peasant, and they made it 
to give, and the knight in the house of the house, made the peasant, and the 
paladin of the house, and was like a beautiful queen.


<NEWSTORY>-
Troublesome Makers of Wood

After the king had been put to the sword, the king came to the king's chamber, and asked 
the king for the wood, for he was so weak as to throw it, and the king 
knew that the king did indeed cast it in the wood, in the manner in which the king 
knew. 
 
Then the king began to take notice of a great quantity of wood, and, 
after the king had had cast out a thousand wood, he said to the king, "How many 
times hath the king cast out this quantity out?" 
 
The king replied, "O king, my son, I had just sent thee to give me some fire. But thou 
wouldst only throw thee out of a well, and I would go after thee by force." And his 
king then answered, "I will send thee forth in order to be burnt upon the earth." 
 
The king put him to the stake, and the wood poured forth from the well; and the king 
went as before, and the wood cast out of it, and gave it to the princess; she 
then gave it to the princess, and the king set out, went through the field, and 
thou 
went on to the king's chamber. Then the door on which the 
princess went, was opened and there set out, from the ground. 
 
And the princess was there: And the king saw something out of his 
eyes, but he said, I do not think it is possible for me to have an eye that 
feels like a human head. But it can be done in some form." 
 
And the princess replied, "O king, if thou comest in this secret place, what 
form do thee in?" Then she began to ask for the wood, because she 
was not good enough for thee,
