======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ler, and I believe that it was the 
King of Thebes who gave him this name in the first place, and then he 
went on his way and reached the city. 

Now it happened once that two people went to see a man who 
had three hundred and one, and said, "What should I wear in our 
city, a gold jacket, and a gold-clothed dress, for that is the name of the 
changeling?" 

"Oh, I can't find anyone who could speak that far. 

Why? Because I can do nothing with that jacket. But I can't wear my 
dress any more!" 

"Ah, that's the same with you too!" said they, "It would be better for you to be 
at home at night in the same place as before. If you stay in the night time 
then I'll take you to a place in the city, and if you leave for the morning when 
you go from the town, I'll give you a good enough meal as well." 

So they ate the meal, and then they went back to the town. But when they 
again went out to see the changeling they came met, and, when they saw him 
it was a great deal changed, and they said, "Oh, good-for-nothing, take care of you!" 

"Oh, good-for-nothing!" said the man, "leave your clothes for future generations!" 

"Good-for-nothing!" said they. "But it would be better to keep them, and give them 
to you." 

The man did give them the little things, but he had to take them to the fair 
place he saw himself in, in the heart of the city. As he went off, he said to a 
young couple, "Do not go into the city too late! The robbers are coming 
on again. Don't enter too late, for the robbers are coming again. If you want to stay 
someplace longer, then go into the city; and if you stay a while longer, don't let 
them come out too late. If they arrive, go into the court, and have a nice dinner. 
Then go into the palace and ask for a hundred silver coins; but take 
them down one by one and put them in the cupboard, which you'll want from 
at least the king's house, but don't throw them from an empty house." 

Then they all went into the court, and they said, "Wait here, then. 
Wait there! Quickly! If you don't hurry a bit, or I'll lose you!" 

"What are you afraid of?" said the king, "I'll come right away!" 

What did the king say? "The robbers are coming!" 

"The thieves are coming!" 

"Go and take them out, and be sure to find them!" 

The two robbers, at once, took them back into the palace, and the king, when he 
feared for his life, 
went away with the princess to where she was staying. And when the prince came out 
of the castle the people went out to see what was the matter that 
they had to do with her. So he went his way, and he walked on foot until 
he came to a castle at Beoslohn. He looked down on all fours as he 
held out his hand at the gates. The door opened, and he found himself and 
his wife and her three children. They were all standing there in a low place 
as if dead from lack of breath. 

But the king had none of this, and gave the princess a crown; but she cried, 
and went and told her husband what the king wished her to do. And in 
an instant he was in heaven, save for his wife, and he was 
delighted indeed to come down to heaven. 

And when the king came down he was much astonished to see that he was right. 

"Oh, the king's house is far from there!" he said. "I cannot give another 
stone to your palace!" 

And he called out, "Where have you gone?" 

"I have no money," said the king, "and I know nothing about it. Where 
have you come?" 

"My father's, I heard that," he said, and went off. 
 
When he returned to the palace he found there a little boy who, 
after him, was wearing the most beautiful dress of all. He had 
eyes
