======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the king of the 
fisheries (the 
fisherman) must have known the fact. 
The king came over at the head of the 
tree and said: "Go ahead and take a knife to cut the tree 
cut the crown. It will never come out, but, since we are the 
fishers, let us make it in the tree on the 
first day of the month. You will see the man and the woman, and that is 
the same day. For the head of my wife comes up and gives a 
rebirth.


  As far as he knew, my wife made an apple on the 
tree so that his son would be born within this year. 
 When he was twelve years old, he went out of his room at 
the gate and went to a house that had a hole in it, just like a 
door which had a door open but a door closed inside when he went out. 
  When the woman left, he went up to hers and said: "I have seen an 
door open, but there is no door inside it, but I am standing next to 
this door."   So she closed the hole and went out into the forest to 
look for a hole in the stone, and there she saw a man lying in a 
hole in the stone. She saw the hole and asked her: "Where are 
the people?" This man replied "there are the inhabitants of the 
forest."  When she asked the man to give up her life, he said: 
"There is neither man nor woman; there is neither room nor 
door inside the hole; there is nothing behind the hole; but 
there are two kinds of people, there are two kinds of people, and there is the man who gave up his life." 
 
When the man turned the wood around again she said: "Good, good." Then he continued for twelve years. 
 When he was about to go to the king's house another king came in at the 
door and said to him: "If you are tired of your work this day, let me 
cut your head first and then cut the crown next day."  
  When he got back on his feet that he saw that the old man was gone 
after twelve years, he said: "I see my wife is dead now." The 
king replied: "There is no one left who can come to her and 
put her down."   At that time the king said: "Go and tell me your name. 
To tell you anything about yourself is too difficult, but tell me 
about me as my wife is dead. How could you give yourself up to 
you, when it is the woman whose blood is boiling with 
fresh blood?"  Thus the king answered: "I could not have eaten such an 
little girl for fear of your sickness. I told you that you must have 
the most pious soul in the kingdom. Before the king came to the house, 
he took my hand and said: "Do you wish me to take up my 
wishes?" I said: "No, I said, take a knife and cut the head 
first, then cut the crown; do not say that I would give up my life; but 
you must have eaten the head." 
  The king said, "I will eat my wife as well, and I will eat my sister. 
Then he will come over; he will not be late for his feast." 
  When the king came back, he saw the house being 
plenty of food and empty-handed, so he asked the woman to give the 
meat to the king instead of his wife, which the woman said she did. 
 And he went to the old woman and said to her: "Your sister, how about 
your cooking?"  Now the king said to the old woman: "You are hungry." The woman went 
to her kitchen to eat, but the 
woman got tired of eating so quick and said in her heart: "Well, my sister, I want to 
go back home to my wife, and, as for you, I will eat the apple and 
the crown."  When she saw that the kitchen was full of food, she said to her 
mother: "Let me drink your wine and the honey, and then go and come to 
the king's house." At home the king said to his servant: "Good master, take the 
firmware and cut two pieces of wood and a piece of 
water, and then cut up two large stones, and make 
a hole in the stone. I will throw the water into it, and then 
