======== SAMPLE 1 ========
The sun was already gone out
" and her wings were still quite heavy 
" she said. "I think she may be a little tired!" 
 
"Good heavens," said the sun, "then what can you give to me?" 
 
"Well, if you will tell me about myself, if I ask you to tell me about 
which of my parents I am married, which of my sisters I am married, my sister, 
and whatever of my sisters I may make you sing that I've made up to 
you which I'm going to write on my bedside table." 
 
"Well, if that will do at least you won't mind being my husband for ever 
and ever!" 
 
"How can I tell you that?" said the horse, who then turned 
very grave. "Look! Here's the good news. Just go up the hill, 
and you too I'd better sing the same song as before." 
 
"Well, I know," said the horse, and went out, 
and she made to the top of the hill with her foot; she climbed 
onto it and walked up and down. She came to bed, and sat there, and said her 
singing! She made her handkerchief into a comb, her tongue into a ring, 
and she sang to the horse by this. "My mother and my father," cried the horse, 
 "are well; I know who my sister is, and whose heart I am." 
 
The horse did with her the same as before (she sang, all in one breath). Then she 
went up to the top of the hill, then sat there till the horse fell 
hard asleep and ate up the sweet meal. Then she sat up and looked on 
the bed. Then she said:


"My mother's horse, my father's horse 
is in bed at the same time, my father's foot is at the bottom, 
and my father's wife is at the top. Let her be satisfied." 
 
 
She did as the horse told her, and then she said to her sister-in-law, 
"Let me dance, and listen to the same song: but be not afraid; I will 
give it to you." 
 
As she danced till all was in an uproar with the horse's feet in a row, 
the horse said by the mark: "My brothers and sisters do that too. I'll show 
them the sign." 
 
She did this, and went to the top of the hill, and it did as the horse told her. 
The horse said to her, "Now go back in the middle of the bed, and I will 
give you permission to dance to me with my hands in a row." 
 
"Of course!" said the sister-in-law. 
 
When the horse heard this, he said: 
"What a sweet tune! I'll go all the way, and sing in the middle of the 
bed,  
and at the top of the hill I will give you another!" 
 
The horse said, "Of course!" in a very different order! "When the horse hear 
that, he is delighted. He'll say: "My brothers and sisters!" 
 
They did this too, and said, "Now go back, and sit beside me!" and sang "the best 
singing I have ever heard." 
 
They lay back and let him dance, and they came home very happy together. 
 
Then she was going home and looked for her husband with the comb, 
and when she saw him she fell in love with him, and she became so 
great and good with him that she kissed him. 
 
When she was finished of her affair, the horse went back to bed, and said, "O 
wife, my brother-in-law, I will be married to you. I will not 
discuss what you're going to say about that, but let me tell you." So she went down to the 
bed, and looked over the steps. Then she sat on one of his toes. 
 
And she said:  
"Oh my God, here comes me the prince!" And he said, "I must marry the 
prince; marry her in like fashion!" 
 
Then she tied herself tightly to his bed. At the wedding hour he 
removed her, and with her were his two sisters. 
 
The princess and her sister-in-law came home and saw how the 
prince and the princess were together in the carriage,
