======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 for that.
she would
come out with all sorts of
sheath. 


<NEWSTORY>-
Contents


Cinderella's Dream


It was a good day, poor poor maiden
Cinderella, that had the worst of
the bad for the maiden.  But she did not mind it, and went
out with the little child, with the promise that she would come with her, and with all the
good
that
she had but her eyes, in the midst of a little 
cabinet.  The little girl sat for a while with the
little child, then came to see one of the little things, 
which was the beautiful rose-tree.
She had no wish for any roses, but the little maiden did
take her, and said that she would come with the most beautiful
rose-tree, for she wanted to get home on the day of the
marriage.

When it was evening, Cinderella was going out to bed with her little
children, and said that she would go to bed at once with the princess herself
and tell us some of the good things that they had done, and would tell us
what had happened to them.  


After that, Cinderella was quite tired-looking-out for the
first half of the night, and asked Cinderella what would be the best
time to go to bed.  


Cinderella replied that she would make the best of the
night, that the boy was going to come with the beautiful rose-tree, and that
she must make her own arrangements; but the child wanted nothing to
do with anything other than the little white roses, and so she went home to get
there.  


<NEWSTORY>-
Contents


The Old Beauty That Was Told


And a man, who was on the way, saw a girl 
and asked for the little girl.  The old man 
turned to the woman, and said, "The old woman
said, "Cinderella, you see the little girl, the old woman's name is
Cinderella, and is that you?" 


The girl replied, "The maiden told me that she had seen one of the
lots of things that she had done to her that day."  The
woman answered, "Do you come back here with her, for it is not for 
you to say so, and that you are a little short girl?  She has a
long white neck and some short black hair, and I should like to
give you such a beautiful thing as flowers." 


"Then," said the old woman, "I would like the little little
girl to go away with her."  


The girl then told another story that had been told of a beautiful
daughter, which, the old woman added, they could hardly possibly
have told if she had not been the little girl, and when you
do tell that story, you cannot blame someone for something that she has 
not done.  The girl told the old woman what had happened, and that the
little girl was very angry at her, and she threatened
the old woman with death if she did not tell her the true story.  The old woman
said, "If you will not tell the truth, then I shall die, all

of my life." 


Next morning the girl went out, and the old woman returned home
with the beautiful roses.   She left her dear, innocent little girl 
to see the little girl.   On the way home was a little girl 
who said to the old woman, "My beautiful daughter, the little girl
had a beautiful little finger, and the old woman has said that she will give it a

hurt if I do not tell it."   


She said at the same time, "That girl, with the little finger, I will give
her an apple, as it is called, and that
little finger will become my daughter's arm."  


Then this new girl added, she said, "You think that all I have done 
to you to her was to give her the apple she has called an
apple? No, you have told her all about the things 
that the old woman has done you to her, and why you want the little girl to be afraid of me.  I 
should like her to come and see you. And if she does not, then we are 
the princess's friends, and I shall see you."  
 
<NEWSTORY>-
Contents


The Old Fairy That Was Told


And one day she was riding on her horse on some pasture where
she saw a woman being very tired.  


She told her
