======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, 

At first he thought of nothing, for there was no one to
answer to him. Finally he said, "I will give you all my money and get
you off first of all."


When the peasant noticed how well the man had done, he put it on a platter and went
out with it
before the woman heard it.



<NEWSTORY>-
The Tale of Tinktum Tufte


Once upon a time there was
in a castle a very handsome young prince, named Tinktum, who had
a wife and three children. They were all very healthy and well
lived, but when they died, Tinktum bore all his wealth to the last
born, and the wife was to live with Tinktum on an estate.


Every day Tinktum was in the castle with the children, but
not one of them had ever seen a beautiful girl who had never
had a husband before. They often met in the market place:

the maiden in the green bean-coats and the boy in the tresses and
the girl in the black bean-coats.


When Tinktum's eldest child went to sleep, he saw her
somewhere in his room. She was beautiful, but there wasn't one of
her
fearing him, and he asked her, "Is Tinktum here?"


"Yes," her father said, "and I have no doubt that he is."


Then the girl said, "There you are."


"What is that to you?"


"That you were once upon a time married to a fine old woman. And she
was always
beautiful and sweet to my ears! In the hall she was a splendid little girl."


She went away. "How could I possibly get married to such a beautiful
young one?"


"Because you had married a beautiful princess before; otherwise I would have
been ashamed of marrying you."


"Tell me, what is that about? How would you marry me if I could?"


"Yes, it would be a shame to live with anyone else, and I could tell
you all you need to know about it."


"Tell me, how would I die if I were killed at the stake? Tell me how it would
be done."


"Well, you see," said the maiden, "there is a very fine lady who is one of the
most beautiful women on earth."


The prince said, "She must come to me in the evening, and you will know that she
is my wife, and that I cannot marry another."


She didn't know that at first and then said, "I wish to go," and said, "If you will
allow me to have her that evening I will let her take me home to my family."


The next morning the prince went to the palace, and said as he was going
out, "Take me to the window, and sit down."


He sat down and told the wife how he could come and look at her, and the
daughter said, "O king, don't you have any money, a piece of gold and a purse from
my parents?"


"I must have some," said the woman, "that I may take home."


"But we are far from poor," she said, "and I am not worth a penny, for
you will be able to earn it for me, for I have no money. As I have the
money I shall have the money I am so rich. Don't be frightened to
give me some more, so help me you when I get home."


Then she took down a bundle, and she took her purse and went
home
she had left in the window. When she took home the money, he
said, "Now you have it, and this is that money I have."


"Oh! no!" said she. "That will make you rich."


Well, she went home, and when she saw her purse again, she took it and
went to her home and brought it back. She had to go every day
to the window and put it to her eyes, and she opened the door, and it was
still there. She sat down to sleep, and then she thought
soon that she could run all over the world again, and she wanted to go
in there and make money. So she sat down and said to her father
and the princess and told how she had to get off at the window, and
she got up and ran, and the purse and the children came along
with her. She ran so fast that she barely had time to
get home, and when Tinktum saw how she was going she
could
