======== SAMPLE 1 ========


The people then moved to the middle of the street.

The wife wanted to know why he had waited so long and
stayed, and the wife said that she would have to tell someone; she
had to let herself be taken out. She wanted even more than this, so
she set out. She came to a small farm and saw a little man
trying to eat a sausage. He said that it was quite a long way
from home, and he gave the wife a hard bargain: she should give him
such a sausage as he had so little use for.

"Take what you have," he said. "Go and eat it; but if you are
not going to eat it you must give me another."

She thought that she would have to run away from him for her husband's
nearly all the sausage.

The man made her angry, but she took good care of him and ate the
sausage.

She was very tired after that, so she took an apple and a
little blueberry, and brought the apple to the king. When he reached the
palace he was very sad and said that it was just the
third day of the year and that he could not give that day out. But
she was not so sad either, and took him home to the castle and told him
everything that had happened. He lived and died a happy and happy life, and
a great part of that happiness was his beautiful little wife.

Now he had three sons, and they came to him in great trouble when they began
to beg for his wife. They did not beg and beat him with their hands, but
they did beat him with sticks and buckets while he was eating at their table. And
once they wanted to have him. A girl said to him, "Give you a child, and
you do not have a child."

"No," he said. "I am not going to do this at all." Then he went and ate up his
food, and she became more sad. And he asked, "Then what is the child's name
for you?"

"Gone," said they. "He is my stepmother."

"Yes, that is good, to hear the truth about the father we had for
you."

So he gave the girl a big piece of apple and a little blueberry, and
the girl cried aloud, "My poor pig, what's he like?"

The pig tried to bite his foot, and thought he was going to die of hunger, and
she called her mother, "She is very sorry, dear mother.
she is too strong for you to live with, and she would be a beggar
sire."

So her mother called the pig and said, "This is what you are eating:
a child and wife who don't have children."

The pig went away and died, and the woman did not know about it either,
so she went back to the castle and told the king. And he said, "Well, let
you have one."

The mother said, "I am too weak for you; but let the children grow up; do not
give me anything."

"Very well, mother, I will give myself up."

Her pig was killed and went to the king. Then she asked for the child,
and he said, "Give me food."

The pig said, "You have been too hard, I am too weak;"

"Then give me something, and I will give you up for it!"

Then he took away the pig.

He looked for the father, but he found him only a little way away and
was so hungry that he wanted nothing.

Then he asked, "Do you want anything today?"

"Yes, father, I want a piece of a cake which contains everything that
you say!"

Thus did the pig eat up everything it laid hands on, and then he sat and
was very sad and hungry.

The king saw it and said, "Good day, pig, are you here?"

The pig said, "No, I am not in a good mood, but the poor dog
goes after me."

The king did the same. He went to his master and said, "Do you
want anything?"

Yes, the pig said, "Yes, father, I want a piece of chicken;
"

"Then do you want anything?"

"Yes, father, I want a piece of meat.

"Then do you want anything?

"Yes, father, I want a piece of cheese.

"Then do you want any meat?"

"Yes, father, I want something."

Then the master told
