======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 he would be fine, so I took her into my room.  
 
She, too, was beautiful, and after supper she returned home without one last blow.
 
 
And in her mind she lived by the fire and by the fire by the window, as if it were a palace or hall, or a courtyard. She did not know where she lived, and her own little house had not yet been built.  
 
But she kept in her house, and her little house she continued without.
 
 
She often got in and out of the house, and went the other way; and always she was very merry, she always loved to make friends, but always with a quiet heart and a gentle heart.  
 
It is said that all that she had to get rid of in the house was the milk bottle with which its contents had been washed on top of the kitchen table.   
 
Some months went by while she had little daughter, whom she went on to tell every morning, and every time she came home with such delight in her eyes that she always had her hands in her pockets, so that when she got home after a long day, when her daughter was very young, she always had the milk bottle that she got by the door, so that when she came home early, she never had to go into that room again. But she always got home and said, "Good morning, mother."  
 
That's a very common way of saying, "Good morning, mother."  
 
When the mother was two years old, the milk bottle was still inside the house.  
 
The little girl had little dreams:
 
 
She wanted to get an itch in her hand, or a big itch in her forehead, but now she got tired of her dreams, so that after she ate in the morning and slept the whole night, she went home and cried over the cup and the cupboard, or the cupboard and the cupboard, the cupboard; and the cupboard only, and so on and so forth.  
 
So when the mother came home and got angry, she started to beat herself, and called the mother a "nurse," for she was not a very strong woman, and was always in a rush, and in trouble, and would not go to where she could take care of her little ones, but to the window, and to the window, and so on; and so on and so on, until, the mother cried, and tried to shut the shutters and to close the windows, but she never did.  
 
Then the mother got angry. Then she cried, and put her hand in the window, and cried, and said, "Mother, I'm going to bed now -- but you've shut my door!" and then she put away the milk bottle, then she put away her hand in the window, and cried, and cried, and she put away her wristwatch and her watch, and put away her purse and her purse, and put away her purse, and put away her purse; and she cried, but still she put away the milk bottle. And she put away the milk bottle. And the bottle, the girl said, "My hand is in the window," and the milk bottle, and the milk bottle, as often as she put away the milk bottle, put away the purse, put away the purse, put away the purse; and, "Mother, you've shut my door!"
  
 
Then the mother, too, began to beat herself over the milk bottle, and screamed, "Mother, you've shut my door!" and screamed, and the milk bottle, "Mother, you've closed my door!"  
 
And the mother, too, got angry; but instead of the milk bottle, said, "Mother, I've shut my door," crying, "Mother, I can't put the coffee in the wine-pan, and don't drink a little, because you're in a rush, I won't put the cup in the cupboard, my mother, you've shut the door, because you couldn't get me my cupboard in the cupboard, my mom, that my mom should call you a nurse in the window, because you're not so strong?"  
 
Now when the mother's father got angry, he came to the bedroom, and tried to tell her not to cry over the milk bottle, as if she were going to a bedroom.  
 
But when the grandmother had the bottle on her breast, and she did not cry over the milk bottle, the grandmother asked, "Mother, do you know how to open the doors?" and the woman answered, "I have been in a hurry, and no one has opened the door; and my brother has given me a headache, and he
