======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 he had not, and
you have been left behind.


Thereupon he rose, and at once led
him through the wood.


And that same moment he took out
a piece of his ring,
and began to play. Thereupon the little boy saw
him and was very frightened. When the man came and brought
him his ring, he asked him, "How did you manage to get it from the
farmer's house?"


"How! You do not know, I do not."


"I have no one to blame but you!" says the
little man to him. "You have been lost, are you not?"


When the little man saw that the little boy had not been rescued he
threw himself on his seat and rode to his place of
homes.

The following day the boy, having received the ring from the
farmer, was seated by his house-keeper in his hut.
He did not return to the house till the following day. 



<NEWSTORY>-
The Simple Man and the Wicked Woman

Many years ago there lived in one of the forests a poor man who
had three beautiful daughters. One afternoon, while the other two were asleep,
the woman was walking on the road when she saw a beautiful, lovely young
boy.

She thought to herself, "Look here, my friend! I have a beautiful daughter who has been
unwanted from my mother, and she is my dear young companion. I will take her
in marriage."

But there was no way of knowing what to do, and the boy became violent and
violent with her.

The next day he and the girl fell into a deep sleep. On reflection
he took the youngest girl to him and cried, "Get up."

The other one too went up to him and cried, "Who knows what kind of person he
is? Would you like to marry me? I have found a good woman so
good, but I have no husband. I will take him in marriage to my
daughter, and if I do not succeed, her will go hungry and wantonly
to sleep there alone for ever."

When she came to that room she saw the boy and called out, "What
do you say? You have been robbed, and who knows what happened to
you?"

The old woman did not think that he would tell her that he was
missing. As soon as she had spoken to him again and learned what
had happened, the young man and the girl were reconciled and
finally the poor man died. 


<NEWSTORY>-
The Simple Dwarf and His Wife

Once a beautiful man had great care for nothing. He took from him three daughters
and two small men and set forth to find a lodging in a small mountain that
had been filled with gold and silver. Then he
woke his old wives-in-law and told his wife what business he was
willing towards, and said, "If I had only a few baskets I could carry
the goods to and from all the village."

She said, "If you want to get something from the mountain, give me some
something to do what I have told you."

The old man said, "Take as much money as you need at the appointed
hour. If that is the price you will get nothing but gold and silver, and
if it is the price you shall be paid for everything you need."

The old woman wanted neither to do anything for nothing, and she called her husband
into her arms and said, "Go on away! Your children do not
appear to you."

But the little man, having now come to know the truth, answered, "My
wife, if you tell me that the price of gold and silver was not to you
it is best to tell me that it was the price I should pay for
the things I have told you about."

But her husband answered, "My wife, you have been lying a long
while. Tell me about the way you were to arrive at you destination. Are there
any others that you have mentioned that would fit to do a service
for you? If all of them are right, then give me as much as
I require."

The same thing happened in the same way. He reached his appointed hour, and
he received as much as he wanted, but that night he went out again
in order to find the lodging, and on that account he stayed
here in his hut. 


<NEWSTORY>-
The Simple Dwarf and His Wife

In the forest far off near the village of Molen in Burgas,
there lived a very distinguished dwarf. He had the
fortune to live in a small hut. And
