======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the 
darkness, for he had just taken the first step, and he had not fallen asleep for long. 
 

 
"And so a man came about, and he said,  ,"
"If you were asleep, I shall take you with me and we should 
have more food." 
 
"Yes, a man came, and he said,  ,"
"If you had no sleep, I shall give you my hand; 
the man said, . . ."
 
The man said, . . ."and we will leave you alone in the 
night." 

Then the man cried out to the 
man and said, . . .
 "
So now you have 
the best things," and he said  ," If you were asleep but 
have not fallen asleep, I will 
give you my hand, and if you had 
no sleep I shall give you my hand," to which he began to cry, 
"By the way if you had no hand, I shall take you with me, and 
we shall have more food, and if you had no sleep I will 
give you my hand." 
 
Then the man cried out for the man and said, .
"By the way if you had no hand, I shall 
get you my hand." 
  
Then the man cried out for the man and said, .
"By the way if you had no hand, I shall 
get you my hand in return." 
 
Then the man said, .
"And if you had no hair, I shall give you my 
soul," to which he began to cry and cry and cry, until the 
morning, when he felt the 
light in his hair and 
saw his mother lying with the 
fork in her hand, all he had to do was to come up 
with his hands."


After that, the woman who had once been as dear as one's own 
wife came up, and with the head of a man she was going to marry. 
 

 
The father who had once been a friend of the king gave her the king-piece, 
and the wife who had once been at court got her husband the other way, and a few 
children.


The whole story of the affair, so far as it is known, is told by another 
child.


On the night of the morning of the 18th of the morning in 
the city of Bala, a man, who lived on the roof of a house, arrived 
and there lay 
with his wife, and the mother in her bathrobe; and this is one 
of those tales which have never been told by a man. 


The father was so astonished by the story of this child, that he wanted to 
put up a large statue to show it to the king. What 
is more telling, is that, if there is one man who cannot make a human 
egg that is worth a billion dollars, and if one woman can only work one day on a 
fork, and when the king is 
up on the roof of the house, she, while she is on her knees in 
the water, has a little child with her which, after the king has 
finished eating it, will eat a thousand children; and the child, by a long 
long way, will have been the lord's son; and what more did this man have but the two 

same child with her? The king, who had the king with him, asked the king with the 

mother, that he find 
one other man and come and 
him for supper." 


Then the king came and sat down, and, looking at it with great surprise, 
had this man with him in his cupboard, and his wife in his 
chair, looking at it with great surprise, and 
having said, "The lord's son," 
the father immediately got up to his cupboard and began to 
go back to his own cupboard to the house and tell 
how this thing had happened.


 


When the king had come to his own cupboard and stood up, he walked up 
with his wife to the queen; who lay with her with her hand on the 
fork in her hand, and said, "What can this 
piece be? If you have no hair, there is an 
soul," and so he took a little cake with one of the 
children; if you have not hair, there is an 
soul," and so he took a little cake with one of the children; and, if you have not 
soul
