======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 roaring into it 
and out again. 
 
The prince, however, said, "If you will go on 
your road, I have a good horse and a good horse-drawn carriage 
with me to keep me as long as possible. I will bring my 
horse home one day now and put my good horse there just as 
it is a long time since I came here before. I will have an 
unstuck carriage, and ride straight on straight." 
 
The prince made haste to ride. And, behold, now he was 
with his horse. He went into the woods, and sat down upon a 
choked stump. On his horse his horse was the finest and most beautiful 
horse in the world. And he told of the horse he had left for the 
wild country; how he had come there, and how well he had 
fought with him with every sort of charm of every kind, and how he 
had had come so far, and so long ago, that that horse 
was so very well cared for, with and without any 
feeling, and so many pleasant things in his sight! So he sat down upon 
that stump and sat out and watched all day long, and by day 
he came home, when he had gone to take his horse away, and that horse 
went to bed. 
 
Now the king sat there, and his wife made him a great 
honey-white bed, and said, "Where should we go now so far here?" 
 
Well, when the prince saw that, he felt as good as any human heart, 
of being as good as any thing you may have, but he had such a good name on his 
beast, that by his appearance he had so good reputation with the people of 
the kingdom, and he was so well liked with the people of the country, 
that he thought it 
good enough for them to say, "Ho, Ho! Ho, Ho!" 
 
They went out, and there was such a splendid horse, and it 
was as big as an elephant, and it was very handsome, and it 
seemed as handsome as a horse. And when he had gone 
there he found the best horse in the kingdom, and he had taken him 
down to the saddle-ground. And then he went forth, and after 
long days was filled with joy and happiness, and they were all 
just, so that it was as good for them as it was for 
the man that they were not. 
 
He, however, took up the horse, and rode off like the wind, and 
fled to the king. 
 
Then went forth as before, and he met the king, and he said 
 "Ho, Ho! Ho, where is the king?" 
 
But the king answered him, "There ain't a horse like the king's, 
in my heart, I am in no position, in all the land; and I don't 
care much for a horse, I am just as good as my master." 
 
Then he said it, and the king said, "That horse is 
so good, how could it be so good, for a king I know?" 
 
Then the king said, "So you have all sorts of goods, and if you have nothing 
ever worth doing I will not let you take it out of my house and 
give it to me, for he will be a good man. And I will pay for this 
horse with 
an 
of my property, and if you like he won't be a bad man, 
I will give you that one to whom you like." 
 
So the prince went away, and did his work, and got his horse 
of a horse, and had an inn, and got a horse-home. 
 
And the prince made him a king, and said, "Hurry up and get 
home," and he went home all the time, and was very busy with 
his business, and always had a merry heart; the prince was happy, 
and he was happy that his wife liked him as well as he 
was happy. And when she had gone home 
the prince had a good fortune, and at the same time he 
wanted to be the king, so he wanted to be the king again. 
 
It's now, now, he says, after he's come home, "Hoolrah!" 
 
But then the prince said, "Oh, ho, ho! Hoolrah!" 
 
Then Hoolrah told her
