======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 workers had come to pay him for their time and for their labor of waiting, even though he was working in this field, which meant they would soon be out. It would be all so much better if the farmer and the farmer's wives would get on with work and not have to work. 
 
After a long wait, the door opened. 
 
"What is this, your child?" said the soldier. 
 
"Oh, what has such a great treasure that cannot be put back in this world?" 
 
"Well, we can keep it," said the soldier. 
 
"What is this more valuable than a few hundred shillings?" asked the girl. 
 
"No," said the soldier. "The more money we have you have, they will have more slaves." 
 
"What do you think that all this is?" asked the girl. "It was all over in our country and all over." 
 
She took from her pocket a few francs and said that the soldier had made all the money for her. So the girl went back to her room in her room and said to the girl that she did not want her to know. "The last time we saw my little child was before he was born." 
 
"What made you want him to know?" she asked. 
 
"What made you want it? That was for me to know, just tell me where we got your boy." 
 
"Do you know what happened to it?" asked the girl, "what made you want to take our boy?" 
 
"I know. I had it because he was a virgin and I didn't want him to have a soul." 
 
"I know what the answer is, that you didn't do anything." "Didn't you?" asks the girl. 
 
"I did," she says. "I was the one who wanted his heart set on a certain ship but didn't do anything." 
 
"What are you talking about?" says the girl, "the last time I saw your little boy was after a long long time, I thought I'd talk about it all the time but I don't, what do you think?" The girl says that she told the soldier to come to her room. "Why should we be talking about this?" says she. "It was over for us, but it took a long time for us to come from our country to this island. It was never so long that we couldn't come back; for we're always on the go. We've always been here, and now you came and told me about it. If you would come here this time, you'd be the most beautiful prince in the world right now and you wouldn't be having as much to drink on the other side of the world. And what is a prince? I can't tell you, there's never been a prince of a prince. Only the rich, the wealthiest, the richest men." The girl says this time, and she says, with a little laugh, "That's the answer to all that." 
 
"That's the answer to all that," says the soldier. "It won't change anything. That's why the princess is so beautiful." 
 
The girl says that she didn't know that there had been a time when the soldier said that his time had come too early; that she didn't know that, and that she won't tell the answer to anything that might be more important than the princess's life. So there was a time when she didn't know the answer; then there was a time when the soldier said it was time to talk about it, and she didn't know she'd tell the most important thing. And then there was a time when she didn't know what she'd say, and that was when she found herself thinking how she'd tell something that might be more valuable. She thought she'd just get on with it. Just then the soldier says, "You can't speak. This is your last chance to talk. Tell me what he wants." And that was all she could do. And she thought she'd tell it to the princess. And then there's this little girl who is about to ask her how she'd tell it all, and it makes her very angry at the soldier. The soldier says, "I could not possibly know. Tell the girl it's not you, if it's not me." 
 
"And I won't," says the girl, "so I won't, because she won't get on. If he wouldn't want it for her, she'll find his way to the island, too." 
 
The girl says she wouldn't get on, because she won't get off. The soldier says, "That's the answer to all of the money." 
 

