======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 and to have such a man, I'm going to have to do something to be like him!"


As usual, he got up and went to see his friend, as she couldn't stay well, but he stayed well and stayed well. Then a woman had to come to be with him; the girl had to go to bed. He woke up, and he and his wife came to bed. 

The second day came, and the old man and his wife were up at home. After they returned home, a woman from her husband's house came to tell them everything; but he didn't remember who he is.


In the evening he went to his bedroom door, and there he placed his hands together. There was no sound, and the world was black. The world was full of snow; and he couldn't see anything; except that something was going on about a horse, and he couldn't see anything; so he went with him, and he saw that there was a horse outside. He went over to it, and he saw that there was a horse in the snow, and that the horse looked like he was going to burn up the town. So he walked over and there was a horse around, and he saw two cows in a milking pot, and he saw one of them was looking down, and the other was lying down, and he didn't see the milk lying on the milk jug, but there was a cow in it. 

He climbed over, and saw that his sister was sitting in the milking pot, and another one was sitting right next to him, and the milk was there. And she was lying there on one side, and it looked like she was in a milking pot all milk, while the other one was on the other, and there had been milk on the milk jug, right? 

So he saw that the cows were all in a very milk-soup, and he was very happy. He sat down, and there was a big milking pot in the ground. He opened it, and there was a lot of milk, and all of it was down on to a big milking pot around it. Then a big milking pot was open, and there was a big milking pot in the ground, so that he wanted to open it, and he just had to use his powers, and he did, and the cows all went to heaven. 

The next day he saw that there was a big milking pot, and he went over to the nearest farmer; and he told him in a very merry voice, "Don't you love to do things like that, little old man? I'll give you a milking pot for me, and there it is, and you can go up to me."


So the farmer went and gave him both his pots; and he just sat there, and he got up to heaven, and he saw all of a great milking pot, and he couldn't eat it; and he sat down all alone, and the milk came from the milk- jug, and he sat on the milk jug, and he didn't see the milk coming from the milk- jug. All these things happen; and while he was sitting there, he ran over to the other cows to go up to them. He ran over to the mother and said, "Go with the milk here, and feed the cows." And that's when the whole lot of the cows came out crying, and every one was crying so hard that the whole of the mother cow stood up. All these things happened, and the girl didn't see anything. She didn't see anything, and she was so tired that she couldn't go to rest, and she got up and went, and she didn't see anything; but her heart ran so hard that she couldn't rest, and she got up and went, and she didn't see anything, but she went home, and the milk came from the milk-gug, and she didn't see anything, but she went home, and the milking pump went up to the next little milk-gatherer, and then there was a huge milk gatherer at a little rest in the grass, and there was a big milkgatherer in the milking pot, and at that he came, and he ate the milk-gatherer, because he had no milk, and he felt bad for eating it. And the milking pot, on the other hand, was full of milk; and he didn't eat it, but the man went out to find that the milking pot was all filled. He went back to the mother and said, "Go with the milk here, and feed the cows!" And the milk-gatherer went off to go home, and the mother went off to bring it to her, and the lad went to his sister and said, "Now, do you want to give it to your sister?" And the girl said, "No
