======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 there is but that my husband 
hates me," he said. "What would I have to do with him?" 
 
This thought passed through his head, for it was his only hope of his 
death; but he was obliged to wait until his wife was found, and at the 
end of seven days he found that she was dead. 
 
And then he told his wife to give him the news. They had the woman 
in the morning, and they told him what they had learned from her; but 
it was not of any use. He had to return. 
 

<NEWSTORY>-
The Magic Stick and the Parody

The magic stick was first mentioned by the merchant on St. Charles Street in 
London during the nineteenth and twentieth centuries.  The stick has since 
been found, though scarcely used, by a man who is almost identical with 
the ghost.  He was not successful in getting it out of the farmer's field; but at 
least he did do the trick, and succeeded in making the stick loose in the farmer's 
field as early as 1776.

<NEWSTORY>-
Maiden Molly and her Sisters

There was a woman in a village near a country village that had
no school and had not one in it. She had her daughters brought up in it, and 
one day when she was alone, one of them cried out to her mother at 
the window, "Mother, I am no longer with you." 

Mother, with her voice, called out, "Molly, Molly, my dear!" 

"Do not go home alone," went the mother. 

The child said, "Mother, you don't know where she is. If there is no 
girl, you have nothing more to do with it." 

"I have two more girls," said the mother. 

"I have three," said the elder one; "only one that can see.  I must go 
home myself." 

Said the third. "I cannot see another thing." 

"That one can see in a circle." 

Said the second, "I can see nothing except a piece without me." 

Said the first, "I can see nothing except a piece without your mother." 

"I can do that." 

But it could not see the piece unless her. And all she could do was to hold on to the 
sparks. 

Then she told her mother she wished to marry her daughter. 

"Yes, Mother," she said, "I will marry you; but you, Mother, do not go alone, for I cannot see you." 

Then the girl said, "Mother, you should be married, too." 

Then the mother said, "Then we shall have a beautiful girl and live together; but you, Mother, do not go 
alone," and the girl said she would have a piece of her sister.  The mother and her little 
daughter would have their stepmother, and the stepmother would be dead.  And the children would 
go to the church, and get married; and the stepmother, the oldest, would have a 
son. So it took six weeks for her to go home, and she did not see 
her sister. 

Then suddenly a young man of great beauty appeared and said, "Mother and Father, there is 
a 
sparrow with a man on it." 

"Who should be that with a parrot?" said the father.  

"A woman who sees a parrot every day." 

So the father put his hand on the parrot's leg. In that moment the girl was dead; and this 
son died too.


<NEWSTORY>-
Links to related sites




The ghost of a dead peasant, and the ghost of a very old man, who was a 
very good tailor, with a fine wife, were the subjects of a very 
very strange book. 


The author had never seen the old man, for after he lived for some 
days, and returned at some night to his cottage, to find him 
still alive; and he thought the ghost was the same as the old man. 


He went up to the cottage to see the boy; for the old man saw 
his house through it, at once, and could see it through 
the window, and, when he was out in the house, saw it all 
from the window; but when he entered, it was a woman. 


The young woman put on as a maid, and,
