======== SAMPLE 1 ========

with the other girls he had, all together in this very cage.

There was never any reason to suppose that whoever had the right or the
right
behaved in ways he should not think of.

When they were twelve years old, when the two boys were seven and
seven years old, and the woman put her two boys into the box, and
then they were put forth into a big fire, they were killed. 
The old man died, and the little ones were put into this box too that
they could not escape from. And this is the story in the following
noun. The old man died. 

These old men that lived in this very cage saw each other when they were
twenty, and all came to the same thought when in a dream they heard the
words: 

Good day, 
Good day, 

A dream
 comes home at last, 

A dream brings home the door, 

A dream brings home the door, 

A dream brings home the door, 

A dream brings home the door, 


And when they came to the other door in the cage, and saw that it was the
same one they had in the first dream, they were all at once frightened,
for the dream that was in the cage gave birth to a child of the young
one. And the other room was so beautiful that none could see it. And
all of them were so happy that they became very hungry and had
to be fed, and when the young one was born the old people would
be all ready to eat everything they could get. And they ate everything without
eating, and when the little ones were fed by the old people they became very
happy and made many of the little ones happy, and when the time came for them
to eat, and the old one was eaten, or, for that matter, to be eaten in
large quantities, they all went away with themselves. 

Now, this happened one time when we said in one of our dreams:



Hail, old people!

Oh dear!

Have you seen the child you killed? 

A dream goes home at last, 

A dream brings home the door,

A dream brings home the door, --  --                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
