======== SAMPLE 1 ========
And, as it was said by our chief physician," 
 "It was only a few days ago, and the good man now he that 
is in our world, would be more careful not to let his wife 
see him unless he had a little time with his husband. But this time 
he's no more sure. He'll have no more time." 
 
"How would you like to live on? If you don't manage to find 
an apple or two, you'll 
lose anything that you're carrying home?" 
 
"Yes, I think we'll 
have a good house in an apple wood in three years, you'll have 
much for the trees and the corn. So, for about the money you'd 
almost-freez. And I won't pay your wages, unless you tell me if 
you can spare me one week a day to go out to the fields. And if that 
is so, of course my master is a great man." 
 
"Ah well, my son! He's a good man. He'll do for me, and I'll be 
fine with him. But if I don't manage to get him a 
apple or two first for a week, so good as the apples and whatever 
my wages are worth I can't go anywhere else." 
 
"I'll wait for you, and you can go home too. And do you have a little 
little apple?" 
 
"Of course, honey! I'll give you a penny as much as I want. And so you'd have 
a thousand pounds if you could get up on a roof and stand out in the middle 
of the fields and take some apples and pick them; but if I can't get a hundred of 
them, then you'll have to pay me a penny more. Then you might give me 
a thousand pounds for one of your apples, or you could sell it, and live in 
a little tower all you like. I'll work and earn enough for me, and if 
you'd go off each day, you'd have to stay three months with your father 
in my stead at home. And if you can do that, you'll have three years 
after that if you like, and we'll have time for ourselves again. So you 
can get home again." 
 

"That seems very good." 
 
Yes, I think we'll have time for ourselves, if you can find some new time 
to sit upon the roof and think for an hour or a half a day a 
while. Then they'd be sure to have a good rest with their father 
after that, and he'd well and safe up and fetch you back." 
 
"Well, honey!" said the chief doctor, "your father's an old man, and the only thing 
we can do is get him time for us. I'll go out on the roof and 
play with you. But in the meantime I'll take up my knitting, and get a good 
honey comb. I'll get out and throw the comb back at your father. And if I 
do manage to get him a little bit for six pounds, and he was happy 
when I took a bit of the comb back, no harm would be 
fallen to him, and, as I said, if he hadn't done something that 
he wouldn't have been well off with our father now, but he'd still be better 
to me than if he had won. And then I'll give you some bread, and say to him 
if you'll take a loaf of bread for him for some other day, he'd be 
right up at the top of my head again, and we'll have a good rest." 
 
"Very well, honey," said the man; and, as he thought he looked very 
young, he gave me back seven pounds, and if you wouldn't give him a 
small loaf he'd be very pleased to hear, for he'll have a good 
bread of what he didn't eat for the rest of his life. "Come, 
have a loaf!" 
 

So he called one after him, and said to him, "Well, honey, come 
again." 
 
"Very well, if you want to, and you're all hungry, I'll give you a 
little bread." 
 
"Very well, and you'll see how I'll manage it, honey," said the 
man, and he plucked up some little dough and went off. And all 
you could see was that in the corner of the oven 
behind the bake,
