======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 but said, "If you are
going to do me in, I'm going to have to help him out for once."


And the farmer agreed. The man ran toward the house, and came in before him, and
came straight back. "I'm going to go to the horse for the money," he said, and they
went off.


When the farmer saw that, he jumped up and put his horse across
him, then said, "Look! There's a horse lying on the ground. He has got
a bridle for the horse. He has got no money for the horse."



"Where are you going, my lord?" said the dwarf.


The poor dwarf had to go by the farmer's shop again in order to
get some money for the horse, and he went by and saw that that horse had
naked itself on the ground. Then he jumped out and walked on towards the
horse, but the farmer was not able to catch him, and the horse, while
running and walking down the road, said, "Look!"


The farmer saw that, and he jumped on to him till he saw that he
had only beaten the horse. But he did not go after the horse, and the man said, "
I'll go too."


The dwarf then began to walk on, but he came at the farmer, and asked,
"Why are you coming at him so quickly?"


"He has got a big stick," said the farmer, and he got down and started
with him.


Then he started again on to the horse, and as he did so, the farmer said, "What
are you doing, my lord?"


The dwarf said, "I'm going home," and he went away.


But the farmer, that was not afraid, gave the man a bridle and led him
away with him. The dwarf took care of his horse, and he went on to
go on to the field.


When he came to the fields, he heard a knock at the door. The dwarf got the horse and
sought in his pocket to open the door, but the door opened before him and said,
"Open, my lord; there's the horse." So the dwarf asked that the farmer
leave him alone with the horse.


"What is the matter, my sir?" the farmer said, and he went up and made
an enquiry. "How are you going when you hear that the man is lying there? He is lying
for the horse. I was going to take my horse home with him, but in the middle of
the night he got tired. He could neither talk nor hear. This is my home. I have seen him several times, but
I never saw him so tired."


The farmer thought that the dwarf should go to sleep, but the dwarf got up in
the middle of the night, and went up to the field at last, and looked at the corn and
cannet, and said, "Oh, my lord; there's no corn."


The dwarf's horse came back, and he said to the farmer, "Do this, my lord; I will let you know who the farmer
is."


The farmer did tell him, and the dwarf was about to say, "Good heavens! That is the horse."


So he got up and went to the field to go to it. But the fieldkeeper came inside and
asked what they had brought and said, "Oh, sir, the horse is lying there."


So he went away and waited a bit longer, for the fieldkeeper came in and
asked, "Do you know what kind of horse is there, my lord?"


Then the horse said, " I'm not one that lies there."


"But how come they call 'tis, my lord, an ordinary horse."


Then the fieldkeeper asked, "Why?"


"Because you know," he said, "that it is only one."


The horse said, "And so do I. But I must tell you that the
fieldkeeper has never told you any of that."


The fieldkeeper turned and called. "Oh! your lord is so angry," said
the dwarf.


So he shut the door and went in, and there he could see no horse.


After the dwarf had gone a bit, the farmer came out of the field, and asked
the dwarf again, but the dwarf said, "Tell the farmer he has a horse
in the field."


But he said, "I would have told you the same if I had told
the farmer I had had a horse in the field. I have horses all the

time, but they are never seen till I go back out into the field and
find
