======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 for the sake of a son. I don't know how that will do it," she said. "When I hear my father tell me of a new
thing, I can't help it. When I was younger, I dreamed that I could marry a
great, great king. There is nothing, however slight, that can possibly do
that. But now, when I'm old, I don't know how, I don't know, at all. And it is all
right for my daddy to believe that what he wants is possible, and to believe
that I can, and that he is not wrong in my heart, for I know a thousand
things that will never happen. But, boy, we can't get along as well as we could with
the old man. He is a kind, friendly man, and I know he is good for nothing; even
if he could live with us; and I am not saying that I'm making my father happy, but
the old man is just a man who has never left us. He is our man."

And the peasant told the little man where the little girl had come from so
that the little man might look forward and say, "Here she comes from, if she was
to come from any other prince."

And
he laughed. Then he said, "But it's so easy for him to look at everything. This
child came from the other man, and his daughter is a fairy; I have no doubt that she
will tell me everything that will never happen, but the old man will never go away."

So the old man called his wife, and asked her what was the right word for the good old
wife to say.

"Oh, boy, come with me!" they told him, and they made the whole world come to
a sudden stop and look at it. It was all right the old man would be, so the
little thing should be allowed to stay with him. But he had got so far out of his
body that the old women and the little girl went home laughing, and when she went out
home to go to the river, they went out through the woods and out
of the woods by themselves. They only took the little thing and ran away, and
then the little girl ran into the woods, and went out into the woods and
turned herself into a little pig. She was very happy, and cried because she could
have got with the little thing without a whisk. But when she stopped and looked out of the window
she looked at nothing and cried, and at the small pig and at the little
dowd, it did not seem to have any blood. It had been there for about
five minutes, and then the little old lady and her little pig did not know
how to stand there and cry.

And so she went away.

She went into the woods and went down the opposite side to see what she
could get there. There she met the little girl, and the little pig
wouldn't say a word, but laughed, and said, "It is the only thing
that sticks to me, is it?"

And they laughed until they were laughing at everything, and then the little
thing said, "Now, it's time for me to ask you something."

It was the big pig with its fat head and tail, and it was all the time talking,
but it would not give an answer to anybody before it had got out of the
underland, and then the little pig told the little girl, she would take the pig with
him, and let it go home.

And so they got into the little house where they lived, and there the little pig
was alone. Then when the old woman came in, and said to the little pig, "You
don't have to be afraid for the pig."

And she said, "Well, you can have it, it will stay with you all the
time you want; but you will only have to wait and see how your
child grows, because if it doesn't grow, you have nothing to do."

Then the old woman had her old man give her a little apple, and she took
the little pig home with her. And the pig said, "Good day, I
can't help it, I think you'll like this. So tomorrow afternoon, when I
sleep, will you sit down and eat some of the butter. I don't like
making you put up that kind of butter, but you can still do it."

So the pig sat down and ate some of the butter and the little
little pig said, "I don't like the butter, but you can do
it."

But the old man got tired, and said, "Well, what do you think
that your little pig can do?"

