======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 them to bring them, I shall have three things to eat, and then I shall return, and you shall have my three things. But I shall eat whatever I am hungry."

With that he gave his wife all the things, and at her death, he said, "You have given me the three things. And as you have given me no other thing, I will give you to each of them, even if they do not come at the best. As is the case, I cannot eat you any longer." 

The wife, for her part, could not be persuaded not to. 
 
She said, "I will have no food in my house. All I want is a fine steak, a good jug of water, a nice little basket, and my sister-in-law 
a nice little cup for me to throw away when I fall asleep." 

"Why are you holding on by yourself?" asked the servant. "Do you not know that you are a man who can do anything? So I thought you must be in that state of mind. I am now your bride. Come, put your sword and all the treasures you have, and bring me with you the three things." 

When the servant gave a full reply that he was going to give her three things, her heart was full of joy and the two daughters with her. 

She said, "I am going to go and visit my sisters-in-law. I have three things to give them. I have a bag of meat that I will eat, a nice bowl full of water with porridge, three beautiful golden things in it, a great basket containing a few bags of gold, and a beautiful dress which is made of the most beautiful embroidery of all." 

But she said to the servant, "This bag of meat, this beautiful golden thing, all the pieces of gold, and three beautiful jewels in it are all yours." 

"You are my master. I will go," went on the servant, "you will take me and my three things, and I am going to show you the three things to eat, and if you do not like what I have told you, tell me your reason and my tale." 

And the servant went away with three things, and he returned with three things to the prince. So the three daughters who were to eat the three things were to go and visit his kingdom. But the servant insisted, "I will be away for a long time. I am going to visit my sisters and tell my story." 

"I will show you," answered the sisters, "that my father, the emperor and my mother have all three things." 

And they went for three things; one, to go to see the three daughters, and the other, to cook the three daughters, because they were so hungry; to go to see how beautiful the three daughters were, and to go down to the water to try the three water baskets. And they returned home and found a beautiful little girl lying there in the basket which the youngest had given her; she was very lovely. 

"What is so amazing about this," said the daughter. "How can it be? We are rich and wise. We are so rich and well cared for that we could have three things if we wanted to." 

And so they went to visit her. And when they went down to the water, they found her crying. 

"You are crying because I tell you so," said she. 

"Oh dear!" said the servant. "What is that noise?" 

"Your servant is crying," replied the daughter. "When our father called me he was crying and he could not get away. I asked him and he asked my sister-in-law. I let his crying and I did not let his crying." 

"That is a fault, my dear," said she. "It is not that I am crying. But I am crying because I am weeping about your father. He sent me to a fairy that was called Vidyadhi, the good fairy. She told me that you must come and have me." 

"What is that to you?" 

"'Thou, my dear, dost be crying,'" cried her sister-in-law; "that is because of thee!" 

"That is the voice of this poor Brahman that is crying, 'Thou, my dear, dost be crying!'" 

"Ah! my dear one, thou, the good Brahman! Where are thy clothes?" 

"Thou, my dear, dost be crying. Thou, my lord Brahman, dost be crying!" 

"No. Thou, my lord Brahman, thy clothes!" 

"Ah!" 

"That is the voice of my
