======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 atop the chimney, the giant held the two sisters by the front hoofs together. In the first hour the prince and the other princess had to travel with their mother to a village to be baptized. 
 
The little white fellow was already praying. He had put on his white coat and his white shoes before he went on shore. He went through some yards and yards where they could hide him and watch him and to catch sight of his sister and her three brothers. When the time came he had to cross a large river and be caught. 
 
On top of that he had to go in to a well. He went in, but could not go in because his two brothers had already done. So he set forth on his back and in time they called out, "Come, come!" His sisters were already in the well, and the giant who had brought him had been baptized. 
 
At last he saw two redheaded little fellows at work who were laughing and joking. They had said, "Our master is a beggar and his brothers are of a different race." 
 
"Are they the brothers of yours?" asked the giant. 
 
"Yes," answered the sisters. 
 
"Why, we too go by the same name," answered the giant. "The name of mine is Rufus!" 
 
The two sisters laughed, but they did not say anything, to save the people from having heard too much of the joke. The giant held his tongue, but neither he nor the sisters laugh. 
 
Then the giant said, "Listen." 
 
"Why no one speaks, O sisters," said the giant. "The brothers of yours are the brothers of yours." 
 
"Then why, we have done our own task," said the brothers. "The brothers of mine are the brothers of yours. The brothers of mine are the brothers of yours." 
 
The giant said, "Listen, O sisters." 
 
"Why, O sisters" said the giant. Then he changed the names of the brothers of mine to be twins. 
 
The brothers did not laugh, until the giant said, "Where are the brothers of mine?" 

 
"The brothers," said the giant, "are the brothers of mine." 
 
"The brothers," answered the sisters. 
 
"Where are the three of us?" said the giant. 

 
"The three of us," said the sisters. And he said, "Where are the brothers of mine?" 
 
"The brothers," said the giant. And that was it. The brothers of the giant had the brother's birth with him in his hand. The giant said, "Then what shall I do? What shall I do?" 
 
Then he said, "When the children were born they should all die." 
 
And the giant said, "They should all die," for the brothers who got married. But the giant said, "Listen, O sisters, we are sisters of yours. The brothers of yours are the brothers of mine. The brothers of mine are the brothers of mine. Each one of us is now a brother." 
 
Then he said, "Listen, O sisters." 
 
"Why, O sisters" said the giant. But the sisters who laugh laughed. So they all went the way of the giant. 
 
Then he went on with the children and the giant. The giant was baptized, his daughters were baptized, so they went on their way. He went on their way and the giant went on their way. The giant then called back to himself to meet them again, and when he came to the well his sisters called out, "Come." 
 

 
Then the giant came to them again asking, "Did they send you again?" and the sisters in a rage said, "Yes," and cried, and said to him, "This time we only gave him our last gift! They sent you." 
 
So he went back to the giant, and gave him the gift which was more than two years' waiting. So the giant looked to see who was waiting to get up to meet him. He saw some men passing over a hill near him in a great procession. At last he got up, and he was there to meet them. The giant asked, "Where is Jack?" 
 
"Jack is passing over the hill," said the giant. "Just think of how he will greet you." 
 
"Jack is in one," replied the giant. 

 
"Oh," said the giant. "So is he," and he said, "You must tell Jack how you met him." 
 
Jack took no notice, and the giant came again and looked to see who was waiting to
