======== SAMPLE 1 ========
pt
to its mother, and the little girl put both her hands in her pockets.


The mother thought that the little girl had seen things, but she wanted to know the whole story, so she went with her to the cottage. There she caught the little girl, and told them to come to the cottage to see if anything had happened, and if it had happened it was due to some witchcraft, that could give him the strength to resist, and she set out to visit the cottage.


When she arrived she found her little sister and wife lying in the bed. Just at the entrance to the kitchen, she saw everything that the witch had done to her, and heard that the little sister had been killed and that her little husband was gone.


But she had no pity for her little brother, and told him how she had come to see her mother and the little father, and how he had done a great deal. Then she asked him how he had lived, and what he had done to her as old as life; and again, and again, and again he would tell her everything she should know.


"I have told you everything in the world that your mother had killed to make her brother go and take away the little husband as an offering. You need not look much farther than there is of today, and I hope to see your mother in my old age."


The old woman felt very pleased with her children now, and told them how the witch had taken away their father to give them to her. And she gave them as much money as she could with her hands, and said, "You are all a great part of what you have been, and have taken away your father, because he has been so weak as not to know you; and it is the old man's fault that he has killed you; so my children have lost one and one and one."


All the children were happy and well pleased by the old woman's words, for they knew not how to make up their minds again, and, when they heard it, every one of them said, "I'll help him, for he has lost one of his own." The next day the mother sent them to see what had happened, and how the old man had done.


Once again she asked him all the great questions, and he asked nothing more than the old woman had told him.


Then she said, "Why can't you tell me anything, then?"


"That your mother had killed me and taken away your father, and he has done everything that he has done."


"There is nothing to tell."


Then she told her children that their father had come, and that the witch had done her great harm by bringing him to her, and had done away with him. Then she said, "Tell me what you have suffered, and tell me that you are sorry that your father has come back, for he did what was in his power to do, and this is not wrong in itself."


She was very glad that her children, for they had no more anger to do with the old man than the old women had. And she spoke also to them all this, that the old woman could not blame her children for their troubles.


One day a fairy woman came to the cottage, and said to her, "Come with me to the firehouse to see the witch that is behind the cottage, and have the best view of the cottage."


"Yes, my parents, I shall speak about it very carefully when the little children go forth."


After she went out from the cottage she brought three sisters and a sister, and they all came to see her. And she told her great-grandmother who had come with her to see the witch.


"It is true, my grandmother. She had seen the little sisters leave their homes and depart for a year. She found them in a forest. They walked along until they came to this place, where they fell into a deep sleep. Then they came up and ate bread and wine and milk and food of all sorts of the forest, and went back to their village. They remained there; on their return home they saw that it was the witch who had taken them. 


But the little sisters kept coming back to see the witch and found her dead, and all the people there had done the same, and the little ones had no fear. Then they came again when they saw the little two daughters, and saw that the witch had taken them, and they had made the little sisters come and tell each other about it. They told their mother and father.


Then they thought how they was so sorry that their father did not go and go with them, and they told each other everything; but their mother heard nothing, and she told the old woman how she had gone out to make them come out, and all the people went and saw her.


"Well," said
