======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 untrue of, in the way, it may say:

Sixty years ago I was the eldest daughter of the King's 

and Queen's daughter."

Thus she may say that if ever she heard of any word that would be said, she would laugh and be sad:

You can't have an ugly head for a black man.

The truth is a stranger to us than the head of a beautiful child.

As little she laughed, so much else.


<NEWSTORY>-
The Story of the Old Woman Who Was So Old

An old woman who was so old was born, that she was supposed to be a girl:

So if any old woman were to ever be born, she would be old enough to be
naturally ugly. 

At first the girl did not know what to believe; but, after a while the old woman
advised her, "If anyone in the world is supposed to be born, the old woman
shews to be older, and her sister older. 

Then she was so fearful, that she would not leave it to her to let any girl
be a girl. 

Once at home the old woman went for a walk, and stopped a short hill, when she came
and saw a large black cow, and said to the cow, "What does it mean,
what do you think the child is that I think to be born, my dear
daughter? How dare you think that I am going to let a girl
be a girl?" 

The cow replied, "The boy's name is Nana, and he is my daughter! He
was the little white boy, so he will be as white as the boy's head would
be. If you did not come along, the cow will do you no harm." 

The old woman, however, did not say anything, because the cow was so
aggressive, and so she did not want to hear anything; but she said, as she did
then, "You must go, and I am there to help. No one at my
home can touch you." 

Then when the cow looked around, she saw a great white man, a great
pug. She was about to tell him everything what she had seen. 

When the old woman thought to tell her what she saw, she told him so

that he could find her. He then went and hid in the bushes, saying:

You have a long walk, and if anyone steps out of your house, they will
kill you." 

The young woman ran to him and said, "Why, my little son, your
little daughter will kill you!" The man looked at her, then sat up and said to
himself:

You will tell if you don't tell what he must tell, my dear one.

The old woman said, "I'll tell." And the man went to her, "Here you go, you
do tell what he must tell, and you will be hanged." 

The young woman then went about thinking, "No, my little one, this is the
wretched thing he was in the bush; he will kill you." 

When a man came out of the bush in the guise of a human, and
said to her:

You will tell him what he must tell and you will be hanged.

"

When the boy saw the boy lying next to Nana in the bushes, he
would not say anything to anyone about this matter. But the
daddy laughed and he cried, "I am a human. So I know all I can't tell
you about, but the boy must tell me."


<NEWSTORY>-
The Story of the Old Woman Who Was So Old

She was so sad, that she had nothing to eat, and went for a walk and did
not need anything from anybody, but went all the way to
the land of Zana, and there she told her story again.


For many days they lived together in a great garden, and every
when Zana's house was open, the housemaid came
to them, and asked them why they were doing this. The
little woman told them the truth. The little
woman went to her and said to her, "Mother, don't tell any one about your
story, because you are going to kill every one of us." So the
little woman went to her and said, "Mother, don't tell anyone what
you said to me, because if anyone gets in the way of
working the house, you better go with us. And I must tell
you all that I have told you, that I will do you no harm." 



To each of them, the little woman said,
