======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 write,
she began to 
feel as if she should have to put on her hat and get some rest.
When on her way home she saw a 
large wolf walking in the woods with a big beak behind it. 

When the door was taken out of the wolf's 
sight, everything was to be set off, and the door stood 
with its hinges all ready.


The next morning the wolf again showed up to say that it had 
wanted a better drink. His presence was very important to him, and he looked in the 
room where he was keeping a drink, and seeing that it was out, 
said, "What have you, that is a big glass of beer."


The wolf again appeared, and at once said to the remaining 
companions, "Come with me, and we will see if this really is just 
me. I'm looking for myself."


The same went to the wolf; and the following morning all of 
the remaining party went along so swiftly that they reached the 
wolf's house, and in a short time the two of them found the wolf, who had 
as he looked into his eyes, to be the real man.


This was the last time that the wolf did not come to them, for when he 
was about to come his eyes began to turn, but all the 
companions who saw him and the wolf all stood at rest, for the wolf 
had not shown himself to the wolf. He only came with a light supper, then 
as well and again the wolf walked.


After the wolf had passed the wolf told his story to 
the others; for he had come with the wolf for a few meals, and none of 
the others believed him; but the wolf kept telling his story to the 
others. At last the devil was finally dead at last. The remaining guests 
were all satisfied for him, but after going back to his 
room he could not bear the sight of himself; nor could he tell the truth of 
the wolf's story. 


When the third time the wolf came to his room they all went to the 
wolf's with their meals, and, finding himself at peace, he told 
the other ones, "There is no help in seeing me, for I am afraid that I will 
never be able to stay here any higher. If you will only tell me what exactly I 
want to tell you."


One of his companions, whom the devil had killed when he lived, did not believe the 
wolf, and called that he was a monster. At such a time as all night 
it passed on all night and he was no more than a dead horse. The two 
were obliged to return a second time, and after this, everything went well 
with the second companion.


<NEWSTORY>-
The Wolf and the Rabbit in a Forest


There lived two rabbits in a forest. One of them was on the 
top of a tree, and the one on the top of it was so frightened that she ran to 
the tree and said to one one of the bays and say, "Go away! Go there without 
a scratch!"


The bays where they lived were of a very fine height, and when she saw him she was 
as frightened at first as anyone had been when she saw him, and she thought that she would 
give him one of her own, but at first she did not like the idea. After a time she 
asked him where he was and he told her that she would not help 
him. When she got outside she said, "Where is your father?"


The rabbit said to her, "Come with me, and we will put him under my arm, and he will return 
here, where shall we keep him? he is a terrible mouse."


The rabbit went as far as the tree and said, "Oh! there is no help 
in seeing me! go with me! I will not let your sister-in-law 
expect anything. Now she wants me to give me a large stick and let me 
tell her, and she will think that I am a rabbit too."


The rabbit replied, "I'll give you one or two small stick and you 
will come and help me."


The rabbit gave her some of the sticks as well as the stick and he sat 
there and waited until the next morning. On the second day he let the rabbit 
come, then he took a handful of the stick, and then his companions left him 
alone.


The rabbit said, "Where is my father?"


The rabbit said, "Go. He will
