======== SAMPLE 1 ========


There are many ways to make this happen. First, you need a friend who has the strength to carry all the work for two men when their backs are turned. You may send one of our neighbors in with this person, and he will carry everything together."


<NEWSTORY>-
The Two Wise Men Who Told Us About It


There was once a man and a woman who lived together in the same town. 

Both lived with the same bread. 


One day while they were making bread, the man told them that his wife was leaving for a visit. 

She ran into the town and told her to stay a while. 


The woman did just as the man had asked her, and when the man saw her running for her life, he cried. 


"You are very kind with those other people," he said to her. 


"And the time has come," she replied. 


"Well then," said the man, "you must make good use of all the people that come to you to take you away. Then I will make you work."


So the woman went to the farmer and said to him, "Do you know where people live, you fellow?" 


"I see," said the 
man, "and the people around me like to hang out and play with their forks and scones; but you must have enough to eat." 


So she called in the farmer and said "Brer Rabbit, you know what I am going to do to get something to eat, for I know how many people that come to you." At once the farmer went out and brought out a whole house, with an entire stable and yard, which was stacked at one end, and all that she wanted to leave the man had some food for himself, which he carried around in his bag.


<NEWSTORY>-
The Farmer's Dilemma


A man was passing a farm-house in one of the towns, a lot of cows were grazing there, and a goat was coming along the road. 

"I need some milk," said the farmer, and asked "how do I get milk to eat?" 

"I can't find the milk," said the goat. 

Well, the farmer went and got some milk. He sat on a bench and began to grind the cows. They were as thin as stubble and the goats were quite 
white and ugly, but the farmer knew what he was getting at, and took them home. 


They said to a farmer, "If you are so much pleased, who says that you are 
not so much as happy as you used to be?" 

"Don't say it so cold," answered the farmer. 


"And who said so poor?" said the goat. 


"I said so well. Why should I get less milk?" 


"I'm very proud of myself," said the goat, "for I'm just so tired." 


"You're a poor boy, then," said the farmer. "I don't know what a little bit of milk would do." 


But the goat said, "All you need is one little drop of milk. You may go a-crying." 


"You are a foolish person," said the goat. "I'm not afraid of a little drop of milk, for I know that there can be 
no danger of me getting a cold. But I know that there must be only one drop of milk." 


"But one drop, and I will not ask you to sit there and cry," said the farmer. 


But the goat cried until she gave him some and said, "Go on now; take care as you go."  


Then he brought his cows home, and told them how miserable they had been in their journey from the farmer. "Oh! you poor pig!" he cried. 


"No," said the cattle. 


"You are a fool," said the farmer. "I will just sit on a bench and weep, and then we'll see how you are 
doing."  

They settled into a corner and cried for a bit.  


But the farmer said, "Come to my house, now!"  


"No," said the cattle. 


"Then go and ask it. There will be milk," said the farmer. 


But the cows said, "I am not so happy to talk to you, for I know that there 
is nothing to talk about,"  


"I'll just sit by the cow and watch the sheep," said the farmer. 


"Go on now," cried the cattle.  


"You must just sit and weep
