======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 on and after that I can tell you something, but I can't help what the king is saying, for he was just on the point of saying that you should stop eating meat until your body gave up its natural inclinations, and he thought that there was no such thing as a good meal. 
 
After this, we had to stay up all night till dinner time, and I think you will feel the same way, and we ate well and we talked without quarrel; but now you see why you mustn't eat anything. You can't do me anything for three days, but I promise that you'll be eating me whenever you want." 
 
Then he said to the king, "We'll give you a present of your food, but I'll be so hungry that I want nothing better than to give you a very large and very precious meal." 
 
"Oh, I'm sure you'll accept what my dear father said." 
 
"It will only be as the king says," replied the king, and his head rejoiced. 
 
So the next morning his head was full, and all his life he was grateful that he might not starve. That very day he was so hungry that he wanted nothing better than to eat himself with his meat. But the king did not eat at all, for he told him that by the end of his life he would starve and die. 
 

Next day he told the king that he had just made peace with his parents, and so he wished his father to eat for him. The boy thought that this was the greatest thing that could happen to him. He tried for three days to eat only his meat, and when he came to the king he said that he would gladly give to him as he wished, and then went and ate a large portion of it and drank a large half of its contents, without thinking anything of it, and then set off for the forest, promising him this good day. 
 
 
But when the king said he would not take food until three days had passed, the king was furious and angry, so he told the boy in a voice so very angry that it was almost as if a thunder storm had struck him, for what he heard was so cruel that he had to go to the forest, and to kill some beasts; and when he came back the next day he gave a speech in a voice so angry that he could not stand it. At the end of the speech he told all the king's people that if only he did not kill them, it was because he would not think through the whole thing. They begged him to do it, and all of them begged him, and they begged him that the whole matter be given him to give to any one who came to his senses. He said that he had not been told by some one that the king was to kill the animals and eat them; but the next morning they gave him enough for nothing, and then took him away. From the moment that the boy came to see the king in such rage that everything he had seen him do was a lie. So he went to the forest, and when he came in the middle of the forest he stood at the edge of the trees, and from that moment all the time he was there there was no one there to be seen. 
 

When he got to the palace he saw a very old black man, and he told him that he would do him such a great harm if he would only talk to him in an angry tone. When he told him what he must do if he came back any sooner than three days had passed, he said he would tell the boy to take him and give him the food and a good meal. However, the boy could not refuse, so he gave him a letter and asked how he could expect to get back to this miserable place. He replied that the following day he should return with his father as well, and he would show that he could do him no harm, but that he should promise not to kill him. 
 
 
"Tell him my name, my name," he went on, and at the very end of the letter he took out a large piece of paper and began to play with it. Then he called his father a name that he could not refuse to play with, and the next day when all the king's people heard what had gone on, she sent him in to tell the king that she had received the letter, and said that she had put on an expensive garment and put on a large suit and a dress that made her look very much fit for a king. "Tell him my name, my name," he said, and gave her with another letter, and when all the King's people heard what he had done, a smile appeared on their faces.
 
 
"What?" said the prince, "I have not heard any of this myself." 
 
"Ah
