======== SAMPLE 1 ========
's 

My name is Sohrab. I have done nothing wrong. I am in a lovely new house. My father is with me and I am a wife, and she sends me away, and so I marry a young girl, and when I get a husband, he's married to the old one. 
 
The girl I have married is of the same color. If you ask her, they'll say 'Oh, Sohrab, she's blond and red, and she's tall, and she has a beautiful voice and lovely body." 
 
The husband with whom he had married was an old man with a long beard, red lips, eyes like a king's, hair like a monkey's, beard and hair like a fish's, eyes like a snake's, a beard like a dog's, and a nose like a lion's hair. This old man was very cruel, and if one was to put it in words, no one would be hurt. But he was like an old man who lived in an old house. And when he had died, and that was the last thing the king wanted, the old man returned to his father and he said, "Father, I didn't have a daughter who would be a wife, that I could ever see her in this world." 
 
And his daughter, she went down that day, and in her red skin; and her voice; and her eyes; and her body, and all that she had brought forth herself. And his father knew her well, and there was not a day did he see more; he got in hot haste, and ran to that tree; he set on looking for it, and found the red-hot tree with the fire on it. But there it was, the old man having laid it down, with the fire on the top, where to it had been in a pot full of boiling water. 
 
"Ah, son, this tree is the same to you as the one in which you took the red hair and the liver and all that went in it," said the old man. "It is only your father's red hair and liver and liver and brain and brain that are left, and I gave them back to the king when he became king. He is only a king of that tree, and I would like to give him back to me in one piece as well as the rest." 
 
"And my daughter, her hair is such that nothing will fit a man in her, and that I should take away her." 
 
"Oh, Sohrab, she's such a lovely girl that you wouldn't tell her that, and as long as the king was king, she's yours." 
 
"So, come home and take my daughter." 
 
"Be a good mother, father! She is the same to yourself as the other mother." 
 
"She's mine; that was the last thing I asked." 
 
"Oh, Sohrab, come here! Come home with this little dog after dinner." 
 
"I won't trouble myself with that." 
 
"Good! Come with." And with that Sohrab went off, and they all made their way, until they reached an old oak tree, and Sohrab said, "So! My father and mother lived here, not far from my home, and after they died, they died and they were buried, and when the world came on, they left me behind, and my father left me with all my things, and with them I had a fine golden apple." 
 
So they took my head and my arms, and left me out, but Sohrab, for he had brought her home with all his things. 
 
This made my father laugh, the dog came home and said: "Sohrab, tell this to her first, and if it's all right and all right, she'll come with you as well, and go away with you." And Sohrab took the apple and went away with them, but my father said, "Come home and tell my father you'll marry my daughter tomorrow morning, and when you see her, marry me." 
 
"My father, come back at noon." 
 
So he went home and told his eldest daughter that they should get married in two or three minutes, and then he got back and set on going down to the king. 
  


<NEWSTORY>-
The Golden Apple


A man met a king of another kingdom who was so poor he was poor to buy some of the apples. So the king asked his son what he should give to him for the apples, which he said he had, but he said he should go and get them in abundance. 
 
The son of a merchant came along for a while,
