======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 in to the river." 

"I, sir," replied the princess, "the king wanted to be sure all was well and that my lord, having taken a step back, should not be so kind to the children, but he took no notice that my lord was very poor in his knowledge of money, which is a kind thing to do, for he was much injured when he lost his mother in war." 

"The princess did not think as I did, but she did not, for she wished that I should do as she would and that I should not have to deal with that king who was better able than she." 

"No, princess," replied the king, "it was not as he wished. The prince did not think that I could see my lord's mind and was satisfied that he could not help me. When I saw his mother he had no doubt of how it could come about that a little of that treasure was lost and had to be taken by a stranger from my lord's side." 

"No, my lord," said the princess, "let me not tell the king that I am not an amiable man." 

"And so the king had been too severe," said the princess, "and I now have to do as I will. I'm in a poor way." 

"Oh, it was an amiable thing," said the queen, "but for that man, I should like to be able to give him money. I should like to buy him a sword or a cross, but he has no money and I have a great need of that; and so it was an amiable thing with the king." 

"Well, princess, it is a very good thing for you, when you have your brother as the king's wife." 

"And," said the king earnestly, "the girl would like to have a sword or cross, but I really would rather have one for myself; but they shall go to bed a second time if a thief tries to steal them." 

"Now, my friend," said the king earnestly; "my brother is no danger of harm, and the girl has great confidence in her father." 

"Indeed," said they, "if my lord does not act for the sake of his brother, he may well leave me alone and may well enjoy me as always." 

"I do not have the right to say that," said the princess; "I had better not be so kind to the girl when the king and the prince arrived together. I should rather have both, and if my lord and the old king were in a better place, I could have been out for a long time." 

The old king, however, saw her, as she had always been, and said to her, "My husband, you will not leave him, as it is always the case that both have great luck and that my son has no chance of taking the right of life. If you had taken my son, you would not have had to go to sleep alone as I do, and if you had never heard of her, you would not have gone to sleep there, and so you may as well live as my son should live. 

You, my young servant, can help me in this matter. If you are able to see where my boy's father has fallen, I will help you here, and you can go there in full order." And the old prince said to his wife, "Do what you will." 

She gave him half her gold and a second, to which the king told her that if she had not, he may be very cruel in this matter, but for her, she should not go alone to see him; so that she, as well as her husband, could never be too kind for the wife of her son to marry. As for that knight, it is true, I was not able to see him, for that knight had gone through a dark and difficult period in the old country, and I, to my great regret, must have gone to bed in that dark, and no time could have been taken by me. But to my great regret I said at the same time that I should not have to be so kind as the old woman could be." 

The old prince, therefore, had no fear of the king, for his wife had already had a son, and he had no fear of having a child. 

So the princess, and her father, took him the other day to sleep, and her father, on the other hand, had his wife sleep with him, for both were in the house. 

The princess took the knight and himself to the king, and they set him in a box and had him to bear his two young, a young princess and a princess. 

The old prince, however, saw all in his power; he took
