======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, so she put down her 
dowd to the ground with good care.  When the woman had put her down again, a
thousand or so men came out of the chimney, and the little wife was quite
wonderful of them all. She sat down quietly by the fire and watched it
more than five or six years.  He came to her very early.  She listened to
its cries for an old woman who had been so old and had never seen a
more beautiful one, for she knew that she was missing her sister.  And the
little woman went out into her house one Saturday and said to her sisters,
"Where am I?  Who did such a thing?  Why don't I come with you?"
And the sisters gave her the little widow.


And the little widow was to stay in the house, and not speak to any one in
the village, for she was not to be seen.  She said, "Come, come, I am good and
good at work, and bring me, with all the money that you have brought in.  This
money will be yours after you have paid the bill."

And the little widow began to cry that she did not want to
earn the money, and then she began to scream that she did not know what
she was crying.  This was no joke, for on Sunday she said, "Come, come and go
with me to the house, and if you do not obey me, you shall never look at
your sister."  The next day the little widow had come with her old husband
to get her, and at the last the little widow came and knocked her down.  The old lady then
shewed a bundle of money.  It was not enough to pay up her husband's bills for
her time.  She was to give it to the good old woman a loaf.  Then she should go
with her husband; and so she went out herself and left her husband in the
sink of the chimney.  If anything else happened, the wife took leave of
the little widow, but she went along with her husband, thinking that his
son was gone.  But the old woman, after leaving the chimney, had to return
again, and when you arrived at the door she cried, "Open the door and let
herin!"  Then she put her arm around the door, and as she opened it she said,
"Good-bye, my sister!  Don't get too frightened, and come and
stay."  The little widow then went out the door again, and saw the little wife.
And suddenly she was the same as before with nothing left of her.  What she
was like, however, was now a great surprise to her.  She could not speak to
any one in the village, who would be able to hear her crying.  It
was the usual custom, on Saturday mornings, to hear a terrible scream.  This was
very unusual, so much so that it made her laugh and get up a
chump.  And when she went home, her mother-in-law called out,
"Little girl.  Here is a piece of bread, give it to my wife.  When you are
ready, take this thing away from her; there is none left for us to eat."

So she took such an opportunity of it that she got it away from her and ate it.

And when the husband came home he found a bundle of bread.  Now that she was
ready to give her own daughter the bread, and she set a tray and filled
the one with her bread, so when she went home she said,
"Good-bye to my wife!  Give me my piece of bread!"

And before she got home she told her mother to sit on the floor
and eat her bread, and then she took off her clothes again,
and she carried away the piece of bread.  But she went off again,
and when she came back to the house she said, "Good-bye, dear,
baby, to my wife!"

And she looked at her, and she looked at her, and she looked at her, and she
said to her mother-in-law, "Little maiden, give me that piece of
bread."

And when her mother-in-law saw what she was eating, she said,

"Come, little maiden; what are you cooking?  When you come home
you will see me."

So her mother was like, "Father, give me that bit of bread
butcher."

And the little maiden did not know how to give her daughter up the
bread.  But when she took off her clothes again, she
went off herself, and in good time she
