======== SAMPLE 1 ========
walk in the dark;

But for my sire, she has come forth as sweet and dear to me as
one that she is now in love.








<NEWSTORY>-
The Three Brothers' Stories 


My dear, old sister, dear! 
 
I was the oldest ever to visit her; but she called me up,
And said, "It is hard to think of any other mother in the house.
She is all changed. We have none, she says, but our sisters. 
 
This strange woman, I shall be pleased to see; she has the youngest daughter, and the only brother with her. My mother does so, as to make her my mother. Her mother calls her as she goes by, "Welcome to the house; come 
here." 
 
When I came home, she said, "Come, dear, we've given her home again. Why 
did you come now, my dear, without crying? You came, and I thank God, for evermore, 
for evermore, so that I may be your wife."





<NEWSTORY>-
The Three Brothers
 

 
A little time before, about seventy years ago, the sister of the old king's son, Sir Bedivere, lived in a small, old mansion on a lovely estate in the edge of the village -- which he named the Fairy Lane. With its beauty and charm, its splendid green gardens and its pleasant green woods, they stood in contrast to the town in a short distance, where, as it turned out, its inhabitants were of a great class. A fine lady took up residence in them, while the king's daughters lived round about town, to the great disappointment of those who lived close to the place. 

 
The queen and queen's youngest daughter, of whom no one knew, went one evening to the palace to see whether the castle could remain in good order. There she saw the king -- and that was a long way from there. She was not so lucky. The palace was being searched for the people to whom she belonged -- the king, princesses, knights, and barons; the princesses were all there, with their dresses and their clothes; there were all manner of people in it, all looking splendid and full of energy. But to make them forget the ball of the fairies who were there, and to be so bold and full of pride that they wanted to get themselves killed off, the queen went to look; the queen, she said, she had been so foolish as to think she would lose her life in the castle. So she called her up, "Be off!" and she went out into the street. 

 
As she went, a little boy called out, "FriendBedivere! Will you come home this evening?" 
 
The princess said, "Yes." And when she came downstairs, the whole castle was searched for -- there was a big palace, with a wide staircase, and an old ball made of gold, silver, yellow, green, and greenish-yellow marble, all decorated with jewels, and with an incredible array of beautiful colors. From the palace she saw a large, fine gold palace on the roof; from inside it was a wide and deep cavern; the gold was everywhere. There her prince had his crown, and she his golden dress -- golden, yellow, and green, she thought -- and her youngest sister's jewels. They were a lovely pair of golden diamonds, and she was about to give birth to her sister, when she heard the father say, "Let her be!" He ran to his son and said, "I have three brothers and two sisters, and you are as good as my word!" 

 

 
"What?" said the prince, "I can only say, they are as good in every way as my word!" and he ran with his hand to the palace, where he saw so fine a palace, with such high and high, and bright. The prince could not believe it; he went downstairs, and, having sat on the floor next to the table of gold, he came in himself, where he saw a splendid palace, and there on a high roof, just below the marble ball, he saw a palace with many rooms; all of them magnificent, and full of beautiful ladies and gentlemen who had just entered to be queen and mistress. He went down to the door, he went to the window, and said "Open!" and he knocked open the door. As soon as the door opened again, he went to the kitchen, where he saw a very beautiful room, full of fine and beautiful chairs, in which all kinds of ladies and gentlemen were seated. And the prince, who was sitting with the princess on his arm, said, "Open!" and he put his hand upon the table and said, "F
