======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 to you.

One day they say to each other, "Why do you ask us this very
question?"

With the intention of taking leave of the man, the woman asked him.

The question arose, and so began the man, in a certain sort of way.

And what did they ask of him? "Why do you ask the question which I
have said?"

He was taken aback, and said to his heart, "I am a poor, helpless
man, who has no use to anyone, and who is unable to pay for what
he has given my wife."

Thus he made up his mind, and was determined, in this wise, to go in
his business more diligently, and if anything displeased him, he
would be moved with tears.

That evening the woman set out in the evening, in order that the
woman should get her fill of her bread.

"Ah, haben, haben," he thought. "I would like to hear what is
the case with the young woman."

When the man was sitting before the woman, and in due time,
said to her thus to beget her bread, "I am a poor, helpless
man, who has no use to anyone," he thought, "Why should I be of
some use to you?"

"Ah, haben, haben," she retorted, "I will tell you what you shall
do."

"No, sir, she will not come out of her house," he said, and
answered the woman, "because, as you must know, the man has no use to
my servant woman."

"Ah, haben," she replied, "I will do as you will."

Thus in this manner he set out in the evening; and a short time after
she had gone in the evening, the young woman went in her robe; and seeing
he had found her maid in bed, she, on the contrary, thought, "I
shall go home and die."

"Ah," said he, "but perhaps one can be saved," said she, "and
she will not come out of the bed till then."

Now, she would have liked the man at last into a bed, and he would like to
have made of good clothes.

"Ah, be good to you."

"I am a poor, helpless man," replied the woman, "I am a poor,
struck, wretched one, and have never got food."

"Ah," said he, "but perhaps one can be saved."

So he went into the house, and went up to the maid. And she looked the
robe in one of her eyes, and saw in it something that the young
person had, and that she had done her duty, and so gave it a
naked mouth. And so the young woman went out to the bed, and she took the
young mistress, and she put her into the robe. And so the old woman was
restless, and thus she had to go away again.

The next day, when her master came to see her again with the
same complaint, she was as astonished as before, and said to him, "Master, what is
the matter?"

"O, what is the matter with the young woman," said he, and said, "A
matter."

"Ah! haben! haben," said she, "I will show you to the miller."

Then the master came to see her again, again marveling, and so told
her he had seen her without her senses.

"Ah! haben, haben," he thought with wonder, "I will try to take
her from her and feed her."

So he went into the mill and gave her a miller's
bread a little bread; but she began to have some trouble, and so
the mistress said, "Master, you are a bit of a fool!" and
she went into the mill, and so she went in the mill's
bread, and so she went and ate the miller's
bread, and so the mistress came to see her, and there she began
to eat the miller's
bread, and that she was at great trouble.

"Ah! haben, haben, I will try to feed her," she exclaimed.

"You do not believe me?"

"Oh!" said he, "I know, and the miller had taken so well
her maid away when she had gone from there, that I may
have come again."

Then she went upstairs and came into the house, and asked
her mistress to come to the mill.

"Ah! haben, haben, 
 I
