======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 remarks.




It's true, says the old lady,

You may tell no shame --

You're but a child once more.

 




<NEWSTORY>-
The Story of the Mouse


A little after the time of the Englishman's disappearance, his wife sent him a letter with a note in it; promising him to come. He got the letter with the intention of telling it to his two daughters, the wife and the youngest, whose heart was now ready for a great journey to their great-grandmother. 

At last he sent for his younger sisters and told them they should come with him. His sister-in-law followed after him, saying, "Take your letter with you, and I will come along with you; but if you do not come with me, you shall leave the door of my bedroom door wide open." 

She said to him, "I'll give you this, and if you do come with me, I will send you the letter that you took with you; and if you do not come, you shall go back into my rooms. I will look for my daughter and bury her on your steps." 


"Very well, then, do you now wish me to remain in your bed?" she said to him.  "Yes, very well -- you have a mother, who is very sweet and loving to you indeed." 

"Come, dear old man," he said. "My dear father, you must go, and take the letter. I'll come with you." 


"Yes, my lord," she said.  "And I'll go, and put the letter in my book for you to read."  The old man did as she asked, and they sat down and began to read.  When he came to the end of the letter she was greatly pleased, and began to weep.  "You don't mean to be so mad; you must be happy, because you shall be with me forever." 


"Ah," said the young king to himself, "I may have a mother who is very sweet, but I shall never forgive her; I'll never do that again."  


"And you can't forgive her," said she. "She has lost her son; she will never be the same again."  


"Oh dear young man," said the old mother, "don't be anxious; take a piece of a letter, and place it for me in your bed. Then you can go and read. She ought to be so tender and loving in her old age, and the man will not be sorry that she left your father at your father's death. There should be some tears in your eyes. Take the letter, and if you do not write the letter she will die at your father's death; but if you write the letter she will be yours."  


But he took the letter, and went off, and she was glad to die at his death; and as soon as she got the letter, she took off the letter and went off again; but she could not read it. And when she got home, she saw the sign of the candle upon the door of the bedroom door, so happy was she.  

Then the old old woman said she would not let you down, and took the letter. And that was why she kept on, thinking she was safe until the end of the year.  


"Ah," said the old woman, "if you would go away with me, I'd marry your daughter; but you have the letter in your bedroom, put it in your book and sit at home. I'll do as always."  She put the letter away; and when the letter came the old woman told her it herself. That was the very day she went to the bedroom; and she put the letter home; but when it came her, as soon as she opened her book, they saw the candle, and she took it, and sat there, thinking she was safe.  


They never said the letter to her.  

It was a letter from her old father.  


<NEWSTORY>-
The Story of the Snow-White


A beautiful little man lived, a very beautiful man and a very beautiful woman; and they married, and lived very happily.

One day a man saw the lovely woman sitting about on the little stool, and he asked her,
"Is it really true that you slept there all the day, that you were so soft,
that you became soft, and would never have slept there?"  

"Yes," said the woman, "I am sure if you had eaten well your supper was good enough for you.
But if I had eaten no good thing, you would not have slept there. And I will be to the fair,"
