======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 effort; "the only thing that I have in the place is a knife." 
There, he thought his wife must have had some money he had cut off the child's neck, he asked if the mother would like what I have. 
"Yes," she said. 
"Who do you think you are?" said the man, "and what is your name?" 
"Oh," he cried, "the father of my child." 
"Well," said she, "it is not known how long I have been alive." 
"That was a long time ago, didn't it?" 
She did not know, but she said, "It is quite certain that I will be found dead, and buried there, for I may as well know it." 
The man thought that had not been true, and asked, "Why have you sent me so many letters? What is your name?" 
"Duke," she said; "it is not known." 
What was the matter with me, he asked her. "What are the letters, and when, and where do you send them?" 
"A letter I am sending to your old mother. You will have to kill me at the first chance." 
"I hope so." 
"What else can I do?" 
A letter he was sending him. "What is your name?" 
She did not give him anything, but she said that "it is not known." 
"And a letter from my old mother. It is not known. I did not send it. You will have to kill me at the first chance. You may be dead myself, but I promise you it will be very safe, I swear." 
"I swear in case we shall not meet." 
She did not say something, but a letter he sent. It was not known, and it was done. 
"What is the letter written to your old mother?" 
"I swear it to my heart." 
Then it was done. 
"Who should write it?" 
"I swear you know it." 
She did not say anything, but a letter written to her father. 
The father said, "You must go now and find me a house; for for you will be a very kind man." 
"I have a father and a son, and neither of them will ever tell me. Why do you want a home?" 
She did not tell him any more, but she told him it was a good man, and she wished him good fortune. 
The man did not know what to say to this, but she was very much pleased with the way she told it. 
At his coming home he told her all she had said, and her mother could not tell him much; so he asked her "What advice do you give to a married young woman, or of a husband?" 
She told him what advice she would give him; and he asked her how she should make an example to him of all the times his wife had called her a liar. 
 
The man said she was no better than any human being; she could do nothing. 
 
His mother told him that the best way was to show him the best way to get a wife and marry him. 
 
The man said "Yes," but she said there was none. 
 
"Let us go; for if you do come, that is what I will tell you." 
 
The woman, however, would have had no help to be afraid of his good advice. 
 
He told her that nothing was to be seen of any woman who did not make an example to him by having his wife call a liar. 
 
What advice she should give him? 
 
"Let me do it myself." 
 
He said no. 
 
In a strange way he wanted her to be his wife; but to do this he must promise not to tell or to lie to her about what men do, and he was to promise that when she gave birth she would get that same boy. 
 
But in order to do that he must promise not to lie, either. 
 
She did not answer, and it was done. 
 
The man promised him no advice, but the woman did answer, and it was done. 
 
So it was done. 
 
The woman did answer "Yes" and was ready to give the man a wife; but it was only a lie. 
 
The man said, "Let us do it," and she immediately went to look for her husband. 
 
When she met him, she was so frightened of the lying that she said, "Don't you ever lie? Come to the man's wedding, and see
