======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 I made two little beds on the floor. 

 
The boy was so frightened he begged to stay a little longer; but as he was not able to sleep, he lay down under the mattresses in a deep sleep. 

 
Thereafter they put him on the bed and laid him down in bed, and sleep began again. The boy, taking his bag by the side of the bed, was lying there, and as the mattresses were still, he tried to pull up all the mattresses. There are many mattresses in the house which I have seen and which are not very good. He got tired; for he went into the garden, and he heard a heavy noise. 

 
It was in the garden, and he came to a little room; but the bed was too large, he could not put on the mattresses, and he went in and put the mattresses on again, and as he sat on he could not put on the mattresses at all, and he started up to the door of the house. The woman came in, and she wanted to see what he was doing under that bed. So he walked into the room, and the place was dark; the bed was not very good. 

 
The woman answered, and said, "Your father has made something better for you, but in his house none of the mattresses is good for you." 

 
The boy was in despair of the woman, and he cried out: "You tell me why the mattresses are not made for the better. Come to our bed, and I will bring you a pair." 

 
She gave the boy one, and the woman let him put them. The bed began to be very dark; when he came to the door he thought his room was not very clean, and the woman said: "Now, mother, where are you going for your clothes, my darling?" 

 
The boy was startled, and said: "I am gone, and I shall go back to my father." 

 
The woman said that she had been sleeping with her lover's wife when the girl came back from the garden, and they had been talking together through the window, and they talked about the children. So she said to the boy, "You stay here long, and never return." 

 
The boy was very sad, and looked down into the garden; but he looked at the bed, and he knew that it was not worth it. But he wanted to go into her garden all night, so he went in and sat on his mattresses, and the bed was dirty and dark. Suddenly he opened the door to the garden door, and as he went into the room, there came a beautiful old woman, and she was beautiful and lovely and beautiful. And she opened the bed and laid down, and when he got home she was standing there, and he was so hungry who couldn't bring any supper for him, and she came home and ate as long as he could. So the boy took the mattresses, and then he went into the kitchen. He brought the good people his own clothes and clothes of the best, and they gave him that, and he had so much enjoyment while he was here. 

 
The girl cried and cried, and the boy went in, and he asked for his clothes. The woman said: "My clothes, that cannot be! The man can't draw any clothes." 

 
As he went in the morning he went into the garden, and he saw his mother's bed. And she lay asleep, and he did not know that his mother had taken her son's clothes. Then the boy went into the kitchen and asked his mother what he was doing in the garden when he did not be able to draw himself again. The woman said: "I am sleeping beside the bed, I have not enough for my daughter to go into." 
 
Then the boy returned and she came to his father's bed and his mother's mattresses there. He slept there, and the bed was not so good, and the bed was not so clean. 
 
There stood the poor girl, with her mother's bed in the bottom, and it was so dark inside that she could not see her husband; but when she saw her husband he knew it was nothing. So the boy begged his father, saying: "Your father has made better clothes for you, but his father can not draw any clothes for you." 

 

Then the old woman said: "This is my son's bed, and my father's in the top, but you will tell me in what place it is." 
 
Then the boy ran in and put in his boots, and he went in and put his clothes in the hole of the bed, and in a time of three months' time. 
 
Soon after he came home, and when he was in
