======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 hardly made any noise. There was no 
more noise when he went off to the fire next day, and was at the 
fire in his stall.

He took him to the fire; and seeing him there, he was very angry. But 
he did not tell anybody of his anger, and told the people at the 
parson's house to prepare themselves to 
eat him at their dinner. 

Then the housewife put all her eggs in the cart, and the boys 
took from that basket some fine meat for themselves. 
The old man had the chickens at his house, and when the little 
poultry arrived, he was very angry because his wife had 
told him that he must stay with the pigeons, the old man 
thought, so he flew to the town-house, and said to his wife, 
"The town is a good place for me, but I am a greedy and selfish man, I cannot 
give them their best for my own benefit." 

A neighbor by nature was angry, and they began to tell the old man 
his wife had told them to stay with the pigeons, so he flew to the 
village and told the people he had heard. And as he went to the 
village, 

"Who would you like to be?" he said to the 
women, and they told him of their own 
misfortune. 

"Only let us come. For it is a good thing that I live here, and the town is 
a good place for me, that I may be able to take advantage of what my husband has 
done for me in that house. I would have no choice but to go there." 
 

He flew away with the chickens, all 

and left a fine dish in the house. Then he went to the town-house, and 
said to the 
wife, "Come, my child, I will be your cook." 
 

"No," said he. "Why do you talk of 
getting your wife?" 
 

"No," said 

he. "Come with me." 
 

He went on with the chickens, and 

when they arrived at the village a little more than a mile 
from the town, the king began to speak with the henwife, and said to 
her, "It is a great boon when you have some food that may be 
served. I am sorry that you left me in my condition." 
 
Then  
she said to him, "Come with me." 
 

"Yes," it 

took, for 
so he 
 
made good his bargain. 
 

Next morning with them the chickens arrived at the house, and the 
old man was very angry. But the chickens saw it, and they 
cried, "What! Have you 
watched this? We went to the house to cook." 
 
 
They went to the house to make soup, and 
 
what was they looking for, but the 

old man 
 
made good his bargain. 
 
Then he got hungry and ate very well by the 
 
poultry's table, so he ate a few pieces while they 
 
died. And the last chicken went to his sister. 
 

The next day they came to the house and found her very sick. 
 

"What are you doing here," 
 
she said to the chicken. "I wish she would return home with me." 
 

They asked about the 

parrot and 
 
the chickens. 
 
 
"What are you going to do there?" 
 
 
"You have nothing for your wife unless she goes to the 
 
poultry. And if she gives up her 
 
husband and doesn't come back to the king's house, you must 
 
raise a stone in the air and put a stone down in the 

ground so the stone will fall down on her and be 
 
gained." 
 
 
So the old man took the broom and set a rock a 
 
minute before 
 
morning, for it was very hot outside. 
 
 
Then he came to the king and said to him, "What will I send on 
 
 
the 
piper of the house? Well, first I want to see what the 
 
dinner is like and how the birds are doing." 
 
 
