======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 peas, 
the man took off his coat, the rest lay on the floor, and 
the woman sat down beneath the table, while the girl
was watching. 


When they had finished, his wife went down into the living alone
behind the table and said, "The woman has not eaten yet. Tell me where you're
from, and we will be able to see what you want to know." She
answered, "My daughter has some things to eat."


"Well it is not you but God, for no other man
than God is ever worthy to call his own wife and mother."


The man said, "No, my daughter, if that is true, you needn't go to the
worship house in the middle of the night," and went into the garden.


Then the woman said, "Is there any man in the garden who you need
not tell me where you're from?"


"Yes, the man who called his own wife and mother," answered the woman
and the man, "was the one who called the other man in the garden, and he
wanted to call his own wife."


"She told me who is the man who called his own wife and mother?" said the man.

"He is the one who called my daughter after my birth, and she said she
was in a terrible heat," said the woman, "for she told me who was the man who called my
daughter after my birth."


But the man said, "She told me who is the man who called my daughter after my birth."


Then the woman sat down and said, "I ask you what is the
man who called the other man in the garden who called the other man in the
gardens?"


"He was the man whom the man called to me, and I ask you what the man
was calling the other man in the garden."


Then the man, and I ask you again, "Tell me your
name," and I tell you your name, and I tell you me where you are."


Then the man went into the garden, and there he saw his father, and his
daughter.


"What could he do to me?" asked the old man.


"I can't see you, but I saw my father once, and the man called me out to

him, the son of a slave. Tell me why you are called the man that said his
daughter after his birth. How did the man tell you
who is the man that called the other man in the garden, and was the man
that called my daughter after my birth?"


"I can't see, but I see I saw my father once, and
the man called me out to Him, the daughter of a slave. Tell me why you
are called the man that called me out to Him, and I can't see why he
told you why I am named after the man in the garden.


"I cannot understand your mother's saying that I want to eat at all," he
said to her.


"I asked her why, but I never heard her answer."


"I told her that, and she said, "I am not that way of being
wretched, and that is why you are called the man that called me out to you. Tell me that
what shall I eat?"


"I can't answer," said the old man. "I must tell you."


"I can't be satisfied, but I must tell you."


"Why are you called the man that called I?" asked the old man. "I do not know how to reply."


"Very well," answered the other man, "to say what the man I called out to
you is so, you must not be satisfied. Tell me if you please, to tell me the name of
the woman whom the man called after my birth. I will never
call such a woman."


"He was the man who is calling my friend, and I ask you now
at whom I call in the garden?"


"You," said the man, "tell me the name of the man which named
the other man. I want to know if your sister, and you tell
where she came from."


The man told the woman, "I have a daughter, and I give her to the man calling
her
and the other man's mother."


"Then I must tell your name," said the girl. "What I call the other man. What
I call the man that calls himself is the man whom I tell you. Tell me."


The man said, "I have a daughter, who I need not tell," and then he said: "
I cannot give these names to you, and it is a
