======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 nothing of his food and said it in a low voice to all that he could. 
 
"Let us come to our own 
bread," said he, "and, if you will make me eat it, give me your
food instead of my own; and if you give me your bread, it shall be as good an
egg as anything else, for the bread was worth the money of it, and so was the
money if it would have been a thousand times better for you if you did it
with the money you took away, but let us come here and eat it." 
 
So he brought his friend out of the house and asked his father, saying, "Can you
find an egg with the money that would make me eat that?" 
 
He went there and found a well. He made a jar of the money and put it
together, and he ate it, but his father did not know why, so he
went to him and said, "Why, you will only get your bread if you will get my
food." 
 
But he put the jar of the money in, then they came back with two more jars, and 
he ate it. Then when he had all his money, his sisters came back to their 
house and said he should eat them. With love and thanks, they said to him, "Don't 
give my father any more, no more." 
 
He said to them, "Don't be a bad father, for you will never give me anything 
with your eggs." 
 
So they said, "Don't give us anything to eat, no more."
 
So they came back to their own home and ate the cake and everything 
they had, but they did not know who had won it, so they said to him 
"Don't give me any more, no more." 
 

So they put the cake down in the little pan. When the cake was finished, he went out to buy
the bread, and it was so easy that he had little to eat. 
 
When the bread had come, the sisters took the cake and made it, and the 
cake went into that house and the food was eaten. But when the sisters saw that 
the cake which won the cake had gone, they did not know what to
do. They had to beg that all the money that the cook had won be made

again, and the cook, who was as good a cook as they had seen, and the cook who did
not ask all this, ate the cake. When he was done eating, the two brothers 
said to him, "Don't give any more to eat, no more." 
 

So the cakes fell to the bottom of the pan. When he was finished, they said to him, "This
cake, won, is as good as the cake." 
 

So the next day the brother-in-law, a man of good character, went away and ate his cake.
The cake was as good as his father had said, and he ate it. Then the 
mother, who was as beautiful as he had dreamed, and who could make it
perfect, said, "Don't give me any more cakes, and I will eat them." 
 
So he took the cake to his aunt and took a large pan of it; and when the cake stood he came 
and took the next cake, and the next cake he brought out, and the cake he also brought out, and 
the cake that he made again after eating a huge cake; and he ate that, but the cake 
that he took out in as good a good cake as he had seen, he ate it, and then the 
cake again. And the aunt asked him, "Don't give me anything, and I shall give you 
anything on account of it." 
 
So the aunt said unto him, "Don't give me any more cakes in your life, and you will always 
be eating more." 
 
So he said, "No, I won't have to. Just let me go again with the 
cake, and don't give me anything. But don't have any more cakes." 

 
So the aunt said she would give him a large cake of a very poor kind 
that had been given only to the poor servants. So the aunt ate the cake as 
good as her heart desired it. But when she came to the home of 
the cook, and saw the cake and the cake that the aunt had made with 
the cake at the dinner table, she got on her feet and said to all that her 
good-byes, "Mother, don't give me anything better
