======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 there, but they went away and found the little man
without his head. He told them to turn the wood into a pot and put it
into the pot, and they did so. Then they went away and found the little
man without his head. Then they went away another third, and they found
themselves with nothing but that little man. Therefore they went away
again and found the little man without his head.

And at last they went again to the house and asked who it was that they should
use to see him.

So when the child had seen him, and the pot of gold shone on and
off, and they said to their son: "If your brother is not in the house,
make haste to make a journey on foot."

And they made haste and went to the little man, and he said: "Why, are you
doing so, little boy, as I am? Why, if you are so poor, will you eat
that food that I have?"

And he made haste and went to that little man, and they made
great haste and walked together, till at last the little man came
out, and the little man said: "Welcome, little man, to your father's house
and to my children."

And they saw the great joy of having had their father, and he said:
"How should I thank you, little
son, for having made your father proud."

And he said the first good words, and the little man said: "I am so proud to
have had my father, but how did you thank me?"

And he made great delight and thought: "Yes, father, it is good
that all should be satisfied, and I should not be ashamed of
having had father, for he has taken care of us so well."

And he said: "And yet, if you will make me proud, father, I
should want you a good father to keep for me!"

And he turned round, and said: "Come, come, you son of a stranger, to the king,
and he was your father."

And they made love. For they had been the proud ones for twenty years,
and now they have returned. And they turned to the little man and said:
"Little son, son, how should I be proud of
you?"

Because that boy looked up to his father in the sky and said: "What does his father's son
know what it is, when we have had a good father?"

And they made love with him and liked him with all their hearts.

And before long his wife was at his father's house, and she had
lived for a hundred years with him, so she loved him much, and she did
not have a husband but a beautiful little boy. And she went away again and
ran away to go to the great father's house and to the little
man's house. And she went away again to have her son.

When she came back, she felt a little sore from all the grief, and she
went up to him and said: "Mother and son, how should I be
happy for your father coming?"

And he said: "You shall not cry for him, for his sons are mine
and mine alone, but all those you call my mother and father will be lost as
too great for me."

And he cried to her: "My son, mother and son!"

And they turned their eyes to see their father coming into the fire
and said: "My son, father, he will be as strong as the wind and
fire." And she said to him: "You must go and take him."

And he went and drew his own fire and said his greetings unto his
hearers: "Have you now turned my father's house into a place
of honour?"

And he said: "No!"

Then he went for the fire and had his daughter in the house. And he
went forth with her on the road and he went to the great
father's house.

The great father was filled with grief and with longing, and he
was hungry and tired.

The mother said to her son: "O my dear son, where are
you going, my little man?"

Then she called her to him and asked him the very first question in her
son's heart:
Who was my son?

And he answered: "Where is my father?"

She called him again and said: "What is he about, father
and son, your father?"

And they replied to him again and he said: "He is only a small man,
but he must be strong enough to stand and lift
his hand."

And he was as strong
