======== SAMPLE 1 ========
th-night.  For now he was tired of waiting.  

He went to school and asked one of his old-time teachers, who was a tailor, to teach him how to make an Englishman work like himself.  If he was well-behaved, the tailor would not believe that he could work like this.  But the tailor was afraid, so he let him work.  Just as the tailor was going to tell his master what new tricks he was about to learn, the tailor appeared on the bench, and asked his question.  

"That's the way to teach others to work like myself," said the tailor.  

"If you cannot convince me to learn, then I must ask what kind of tricks do you have?" demanded the tailor.  

Again, the tailor was very anxious.  "What kind of people?" he asked.  

"A man or a servant," answered the master.  

"The man or a servant?"

"But the man or the servant," quoth the tailor.  

"But the man or the servant?"

"Yes," she answered with a smile.  "There is only one way to teach others to work like myself."  

The tailor came up to the bench, and said to him, "Where are you going?"  

"I am going to take a carriage and buy some clothes," said the tailor.  

The tailor looked around him.  "Where are you going? Here is a room full of clothes."  

"I am going to buy shoes," said the tailor.  "Look, I am going to make an Englishman work like myself."  

"I am going to sell shoes," said the tailor.  

"Look," said the tailor.  

The tailor saw the money and said, "Now there are three kinds of shoes, the men, the women, and the maidens.  There are three kinds of shoes, ladies, the men, the women, and the maidens.  What kind of clothes should I have?"  

"The kind of clothes that I have," said the tailor.  

The man said, "Now," said the tailor.  

The tailor went up to the room, and said to the tailor, "Where are you going?"  

"I am going to take a carriage and buy some boots," said the tailor.  

"I am going to make an earth-man," said the tailor.  

The tailor saw the money and said, "Here is a room full of clothes, clothes that my people have.  I am going to make an earth-man and sell shoes."  

"You can buy clothes, ladies," said the tailor.  

"What do you want?"

"I want to sell boots," said the tailor.  

"The boots they shall be."  

Then the tailor came up to the room and said to him, "Take up a bag, and put your clothes in front of you, and then set them on a chair like you sold them."  

"Here are your clothes," said the tailor.  

"Now," said the tailor, "I am going to sell shoes,"  

And he went on the carriage to sell the shoes.  


<NEWSTORY>-
The Tale of a Little Town Woman


It used to be some time now in the middle of the season, when we were out hunting, when the road was very narrow, no man lived far by. We wanted to go into the woods, for the sun was shining a long time in the trees, and we wanted a way to get there. So we all went down to the fields in large groups, and each went up to a tree, and some of us jumped up and ran after them. When the others came back, they threw their flintlocks and saw their shoes and said to the rest, "What have you done to me?"  

"To steal these things from our master," said we.  

Then the old man said to them, "I stole the shoes, and now you cannot get them back home, for you will have to steal every shoe you can find; but I still want them."  

With these things he pulled away the old man's flintlocks and did not return, as he was a rich man, and this was all to our surprise.  His friends were all there, and it was our misfortune that we got so much trouble with one poor old man, for the old man had no money, and he had nothing left. Our neighbor, too, was busy.  
