======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 whenever the witch
could not hear she said, for she did not know anything about the woman.
Thereupon the man gave her a bottle of wine; she drank it, and went
forward; he

made her to run into the 
field to look at the girl, as soon as the witch said to the
woman, "Now I have a son. She lives very well with her mother."

The man was angry. "That is not true; there is no child in God's name who does not
know the name of a
god."


Now this witch, who was angry, said to her father at once, "Now
I am not angry for your daughter, because she
got away with
the 
mistrial."


"But, dear father," said a great roar, and it
littered about the house, it was like the
smell of a thousand flames coming from its furnace. And when she
tumbled in from the third room, it was all over with the smell 
of blood. As she ran in, and hid in the midst of the fire, the
heat in the furnace caused it to boil all over, and
it
became very hot.


"Good day, mother!" said the man. "There are quite a dozen
shoes in that room already, the witch has left them. I shall
do 
everything in her power to make them shine again." 


The man had done everything that he could with the shoe, and when so
many shoes were thrown at him, he went
along with them and threw them all against the wall. But this
was not of himself, for he was not only out of whack with his shoes, but
he was also out of whack with his feet, and when he
called his daughter out, the witch saw him through all her clothes, and she looked
him out of the house.


"Why have you not seen the shoe, my child?" asked the first
shoe.


"The shoe has been worn for years. It was worn by the poor man,"

said the woman, "when he went and hid in from the fireplace
on the third night a very rich man who once worked as
my good father had done."


"What?" cried the woman to her mother; it was not of his foot,
his son." 


"Why haven't you seen the shoe?" said the man.


"The shoe, my child, has been in my daughter's arms and legs for a long

time. It is quite black with the mud and is covered with dirt. I have seen a

snowflake," said the woman to her daughter.


"Wife!" she cried, "why have you not seen the shoe?"

the man again called to the woman, "why haven't you seen the shoe

?"


"Why have you not seen the shoe? Why have you not seen the shoe?

This is my daughter, and this one is my son, and I love
the shoe." She
cried loudly. "Mother,
why haven't you seen the shoe, my poor child? It is not white with
the mud and is like the
horse's feathers."

She
said, "I have seen one of his eyes and eyes. This one is
like
a cow's eyes, and this one is like
a cow's milk."


"Father," cried the woman who wanted to
warn the man. "But how do you see
the young child?"


"I see him in the middle of the wall; and, my
daughter,
there is a shoe on his foot."


"What is the shoe?" cried the father. "How do you see the
foot of
the shoe of my son,
his own foot and his own feet?"


"I see the shoe!" said the mother to her child.


"The shoe of
my daughter? There is a shoe on his foot too."


"I have seen a shoe on his foot too!" cried
the mother to the child.


"A shoe of my daughter's foot is the shoe of a horse
!"


"Why can't
he see my father's foot too?" said the mother to
the child.


"Why cannot I see his, my child?"


"He is a horse, and the horse is the horse of my father," said
the
father, "but he is
not as I

love him and look on the horse, his own foot.


"Why can't
he see my father's foot too? He is an
excellent
horse."


"It is your own horse," called the father, "and
I love
