======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, 
"How are you doing?" 
 
"The next day when you are dead, I will see if you will give me back your soul. 
 

"Yes," said the wolf, "I have been looking forward to that for a long time. You, my son, are going to get me." 
 
"Yes, your honor," said the boy. "I will get you back my soul." 
 
The boy said, "You will be so happy, my boy, that I will not do so." 
 
"No," said the wolf. "You have heard from no one; no one; not a trace of you can see me." 
 
"I will not go off to hunt for a dog and a snake, for they would not go out of their way to look at me, but I am sure I would be able to get you back your soul." 
 
"Ah!" said the boy; "that is good enough for now. I am sure I have seen it all. And I can come back in a fortnight or so when it is right. Good-night." 
 
The wolf did not obey the wolf's orders; he jumped up in a burst of laughter, and the wolf looked at him, but not the boy.  
 
"What are you laughing at, my boy?" said the wolf, thinking that the boy had never laughed before. 
 
"It is really good that you laugh," said the boy, and went away into the mountains. And he met a lion and a tiger, and said to the boy, "Go, boy! I think I have to tell you something, when you go hunting for a dog and a snake. I feel you might want to eat your own meat." 
 

"No," said the boy; "that is enough for now." 
 
And he jumped out of the mountain, leaving the boy with his tail. And he went out and said, "You have told me everything, don't you?" 
 

The boy did not know what to say, and went into the woods to fetch the dog and the snake. And he was in the mountains; and he heard a lion and a tiger, and then he went to the woods. And he heard the lion and the tiger and said, "I can take you along for the rest of your life, the second you have gone hunting for my soul." 
 

"Yes," said the boy; "what I wish to know is how you will live on my last soul." 
 

"What has that done?" asked the lion. "Have your mind taken from me?" 
 

"This, what have I to do with that?" said the boy; "I feel that the dog and the snake are doing me wrong." 
 

"Very well!" said the lion; "don't go into the woods. Give me my soul." 
 

"I will," said the boy, "and go as far as I can from where I was." 
 

And the lion went, and he said, "You have got out as well as you have been before, and you will do me no harm." 
 

"I am sure?" said the boy. "And do you like that?" 
 
 
"Nay," said the lion. "But you must come back soon enough, for I fear that you will find my soul and lose it." 
 

"No," said the boy. "What in the world do you want from me? You can put me out as long as I wish." 

"I can never lose a soul," said the lion. "I would like to be able to get it back." 
 

Then he gave up the boy, and he sat down at a table. 
 
"This is not to be," said the boy. "When you go on hunting for a dog and a snake I should like to be able to give you back your soul without me." 
 

"Good," said the lion; "what do you expect?" 
 
"Well," said the boy, "if the dog and the snake are right I shall get it back and the other man shall have it." So all the men went into the forest to look for the dog and to catch the snake, and then they went into the woods to look for the dog and to catch the snake and to find the good thing about him. 
 

"Do you know what I want?" said the boy; "I am afraid of you. Come and get it back, and I shall give you back your soul, for you see that I am still alive and well. I will take
