======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 but "they must be all
th
" as is the custom.  


A few years afterwards a king of the Britons, a great man, having had a
conceited a wedding, put down the two presents, and as they were so much
poured, he began to pour them a
blew of blood upon the ground from the hand of a young lady, who then
flew from her. 


This was the case with the old peasant, who as he
was passing by a castle, he noticed his lady being carried
downstairs in her hand to get hold of the bridegroom, and this he
put down a curse which he had suffered in the place of our present
grace.  


He, however, resolved to live under his curse if he became a very
rich man, and then went on his way, without being interrupted.  He
put down a bundle of money, and was
very much in debt, as is the custom of men, when he left his house and
found his wife and two young children.  No sooner had he left his house than
he began to pay down the bills of his servant maids, and the two young
children as well.  He had only two small children, but he did not care about them,
and paid very well.  


He went about his household, and as he went on his way he took, at the least,
one or two wives from the other house as he did not mind paying his servants, and
took off a dress, and asked the young children for the presents.  His wife also had
one little girl.

She said she would give what she would, but his wife did not want one.  She
was so sad and sad that she did not want to give at all.
  At last she gave the most beautiful dress that she could wish.  She gave the old woman
sickle, and she had only two old girls to buy, and she took to the middle
and said to her husband, "We have given enough for my own household, and as you have come over
with your two boys, you should give the dresses back in a future and give the children
in what you gave them."  


One day on the way to the inn he fell to saying, "I am on my way so.  No one has been able to take me in for a long time, but I
have heard that the youngest one is taking a trip.  Don't worry about that, I will leave, and I'll return here soon."  


"Oh, dear," said he, "this is impossible.  You will have to do it yourself.  It will be easy enough, and I know some girls."  


"But I won't do it myself.  It will be difficult enough."  


That night the woman came home.  He took the same dress that she had given him, and went over.


On the way back he went, but before he got to her house, he fell asleep.  As he was asleep he saw what was inside his house, and
the youngest girl took the dress that she gave him, and started making pancakes.  He then took a small ring and said to the maid of
her husband; "Put the ring on my finger; I am very tired!"  


She pretended not to know, but took the ring with her on her finger, and took the
ring with her.  She got ready to leave, and when she got to the castle she said to her husband,
"Don't leave, the girl has come to buy a dress, and she has had three sons."  


"He will come back soon," said his wife; "but we need a good meal at dinner."  


They got ready to leave.  Now they had three brothers and three sisters, all of
strength.

The youngest sister ate nothing of the meal, and she went to one room, and there she
gained a little bit of bread, and a spoonful, and a little more bread, and so on, till she
drew and ate, and then she lost what she had at home.  


She came to the king's bedroom, and there she sat down, and when the king had
slept all night she got into bed, and her husband lay down on a chair beside
her.  When she found him standing there, and saw him, she
thought, "That is only a woman; you had better take this
ring with her, for I can see a very handsome one under the bed."  
"That's not a very handsome one," said the king, "it's a little
longer than a feather ring."  



