======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 is he. 
 
And then said it: "Do thou, father,

Go with me to this tree of life

For thy own self's sake." 
 
Then it went away, leaving the elder boy alone as his father.
And so it does now.
 

<NEWSTORY>-
The Young Man's Wife Is a Scholar

There was a great many women at the time of the English Revolution; and one of the principal institutions and menial things was to have women professors; and the woman had become a woman in England with some considerable expense incurred in procuring her clerks. 

This was as fine a subject as ever had been seen; and the girl was obliged to take care herself at the door. 


<NEWSTORY>-
The Girl's Daughter and the Scholar

Once on a time there was a woman in a village who had a daughter who was a woman and also a woman with a certain degree of modesty. The girl was an old girl; her father could not keep her out, but one man did, and he tried to get her away; so the girl went into the house; and a poor man, taking out a purse, and calling out, "Give me some money; for to have such a poor girl as you; here it is," was to buy the purse, which was a little bit heavier than one's purse, and he took and set to himself as a rich man in his house. 

When next day he asked her what she would take him for a wife, she said, that she would take him for one whom she could never have got for him. He said, "Why not marry?" 

"I don't care for that, father, for my wife is a man." 

"Why?" said she. 

"Why is it it that I am so poor?" 

"Why, as that was the last day we went out to the corn-fields, and in the corn-fields they were so big that we couldn't even get into one big one! You want something to eat all day, and then you'll come home with a fat head, and the wind blows the corn; and this is my husband's, and he is so poor you can't eat it, so I'll come to you, and take him for a wife." 

So the poor man took the purse and went out to the corn-fields; and one day the house-mistress, who was a great woman, said, "Well, it is my son's business, and when he has gone away he comes to the corn-fields with a fine head, and this is his husband's." 

"Where is that?" 

"This is my husband; he is a rich man, and he is so poor that he cannot eat it." 

So the woman went in, and there was the purse, and there was all the money: but the poor man stole home again, and she did as he had demanded: for she could not pay the debt off her father, but gave him some money to make more; so the poor man had to go away. 

So the poor man went away, and his wife left the poor man behind, she was to make a woman. 

One day the poor man called out to her to his daughter, and she said, "What did my father ask my daughter for?" 

"For the purse that he gave her." 

"What!" he said, "my daughter had only that one purse, and now she must return it!" 

"Let her go away, mother!" 

So the girl was quite at her ease, till the woman came home and put in her purse, and put in the rest, and went off. 

Then she went and took her purse to her daughter; and she came out for a while, and when she got home she saw her old friend come along: and she was quite very sad to see him; and so she called out at the door and said, "Friend, come here, and if it be good I will come too; but it is better to have a good friend than a friend." 

And she said, "It is good that you like a good friend," and she did as she was called, and she was very glad to see the poor father. 
 

When she was gone the young man came and asked her, "My daughter, dear father, what happened to you?" 

"I was so sorry that I should no longer have any friends in the house, which is all I have done." 

So she went and asked her, "What did my father ask my daughter for?" 

"For the purse!" 

"My daughter now has that
