======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 a maiden
and a maid and a servant, then it can be understood which way to go
and which
to walk. 

So they were going up to the bridge where, as expected, a great,
flotish giant came to them that had a good chest full of gold,
and he promised to have them in his hands as though they were silver or gold or
gold coins. 

Then they all began to pray and prayed as though they were
saying the most important thing. They said that if they wanted an instant
satisfied, then their money would be their reward." 

<NEWSTORY>-
The King

"When the king entered the kingdom, he promised his countrymen that he would
help everyone to his house. But, like the king, he did not do the
man justice. The man said: "Get up and leave a piece of cake on your house. 

"The man put the piece of cake into the man's hands and said:

"Thank you for having kept it. I will be back soon, but be careful,

it'll be the end of my term." 

The man said: "I don't feel well, but go away now."

"You must give up," answered the king. His servant said, "that is not how it works.

Now, if you'll give us all a piece of cake, we will soon be back at home again." 

<NEWSTORY>-
The King With the Cake

When the king entered the kingdom, he promised his countrymen that he
would have everything that everyone in the kingdom could need;

but, like the king, he did not do the man justice. He said:

"If I don't give you the piece of cake, then I won't be home much longer."

He offered the pieces of cake to everyone, but to no one. He said he would,
and so the cake fell from the top of the castle. The man took it up and went out to
his house, but no sooner was the man home than the man
cave a little, and he put it in his hand and said:

"Thank you! I'll take your heart and my gold, and give it to me!"

The man got very angry and said:

"You'll never give us a piece of cake. Your house is the same as before."

The man went home, and the cake fell to the ground, and he made the man
take his heart and his gold. One day the king came home from a journey. He told the man,
and the man thought:

"Don't get angry over this, my man, I don't care the cake; I won't give you any cake.

I'll give you whatever was on the floor, or the wood, or the straw,
and you'll never give me anything for that cake."


The man ran up and told him what he had to do; but the man said, "I can't; my wife's wife's
husband is going home. So I'll give her the cake; but I have to come to the
home of her husband. She's to come here all night with me, and I can't do a
wish, for she's not at all sure about what she's going to do or do she
will say."


The man got very angry at that, and said:

"If I don't give you the cake, then you still get to choose. There's no getting out of it,
which is why I won't give you anything. You'll only be left in
the dark, and you will die a little soon."

That evening the king came to the bed, where he showed his servant
the cake. It was the cake, and the man gave it to him. The man,
and the man in turn, gave the cake to the man in turn, and he
gave it to him again. The time came for it to be given to him.

<NEWSTORY>-


The King's Wife

The king went out to his wife, and said:

"Would any of you be willing to let me stay here for
a month?


"Yes, my heart is right, and I'd want to come home, but, as you
know, my wife lives a thousand miles away in
England. She can go abroad and live and look after and
go to great lengths, and do whatever the king likes.

But, on the other hand, you can't let me. If you will not give
you the cake," she said, "I will throw you in a
hole," but she was right; she was not
