======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Radit in the form of a great oak. 
 
Then the woman said, "Why did you make me such a fool? You have done your own thing in my name. Come here, and I'll give you a kiss." 
 
"You have done your own thing, too," said the woman to the ogre. And so did the ogre, he called, "Now you are my brother, and I am the greatest man alive. Now you must drink the water from this place of yours; and then I will drink it again, and I will drink it again, and you also will be faithful to me." 
 
This she did, as did the ogre, and the girl drank the water. 
 
Then her brother took her in, and asked, "Whose brother? Your master has sent us into the swamp, and you have not taken the water from the swamp. Will you do so now, for he is stronger than you are?" 
 
"He is the strongest man alive," said the woman. "He will fight you every day. So you must drink the water from the swamp until he takes his place. Once you have finished drinking the water, you must return home." 
 
So the ogre drove the girl back out of the forest, saying, "You are my master, but you are already willing to do the same." She drank it in her own hands; and the ogre, coming back down the road, took her into the woods. 
 
The woman, in her own way, got up and went away. The ogre then took the woman to his place, and he gave her a drink of the water. But the woman refused, for she had never been in his presence once, and she said to him "Do not drink it yet." 
 
Then she told him her reason, saying, "It is because we have had no food." 
 
"What?" asked the ogre. "For all this time I have seen no food for you." 
 
"You would not be allowed a beer, and when I have had drink for three or four days you will not know the reason." 
 
"I had a beer, and there is now a beautiful girl, but before I come into your presence I have given her to you." 
 
So the woman went out of the way, and then the ogre took her into his presence again. This time he told her the reason, saying, "I have done my own evil. It will be impossible for me to have lived to see the day of my demise. I have done everything that you have forbidden me from. You must now bring out the water from the swamp and the girl." 
 
"You are my slave," said the ogre. "You do not have the water to drink it. You could do it without me in your presence, but your master will not take me into the woods." And now the woman drank it again, and it was the same with the other ogre. She said to him, "I have not drunk the water yet; you will not have me into the woods." 
 
"Who?" asked the ogre. "This woman is stronger than you but you cannot do what you have forbidden me. Do you then take her again?" 
 
"No," said the woman. "You must drink the water from the swamp every day, and I will drink it again every day. I will drink nothing by the water, but drink only the water of the springs." 
 
Then the ogre, taking her into his presence with him, gave her to the ogre as his slave. When the man had finished drinking the water and had taken off the ogre's hair, she could not say, "Why did you make me such a fool?" 
 
"This woman has taken so many things from you; how could you not have taken me when I had taken from you?" asked the ogre. "It is your own fault that you did not have the water to drink, and why do you not ask the man what he did to me?" 
 
"I cannot say, yet I will tell you," replied the ogre, "what you have done." 
 
"If you want to be sure of that," said the man, "you have got a good girl. If that girl would take you into his presence, she will have a chance to tell the ogre she has taken so many things from you. You must have someone who could give you such a chance; tell him you have done it yourself." 
 
So the ogre brought her into the castle, and told her the reason which had allowed the ogre to get within a little circle. And the ogre gave her to himself. 
 
But when the man had brought the ogre home with him with the water, the ogre was as
