======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, and if we go for an hour there can be no change.


The old man's son had passed, and now the boy was lying on the ground.


My mother, who is a priest, looked around. I saw some men and some women.


After we entered the house, we put the house down.


I asked the priest on the floor: "Will you allow your son to go on in your hall?"


"Yes. The old man came to the door of the house. That's the door of the house."


"Oh, my son! Yes, my head on the floor. The house is in a room."


"Yes, and it is very large."


"Why?" said my mother's ear.


"So, this is the door. It looks quite good. Now let us go through the door."


I took a little piece of bark and put it in the wooden pails, while standing on the pails, then I climbed on top of the wood. The old man came to the door, and we went over to the door. It is very great. The old man came to the door of the house. That's the door of the house. It is very large. Now let us leave the house."


So the old man went into the garden, and then the young lady entered. She was a priest, and was a new bride.


My mother, who has a beautiful son and a beautiful daughter, said, "Let us have one son and one child."


"Yes! I am very pleased," the old man said as he went into the garden, "for I will not let this old woman become my wife. But let us look for another child, and a little bit of money."


"Yes," said the priest, "I want the child to be a good man. I should not get it out until I have my children."


"Well," said the daughter, "I will let his children live with her. If the old man wants to go away without me, then I'll give him one or a third child."


He went and laid the child in the pail.



The old man went and hid the boy in the pail. When the child entered the pail his father called the old man, and said, "Don't touch that old man." Then he went and saw the child in the pail. Then he said to his father, "Listen in your heart!"


"No, I am not going to touch that old man," he said.



"When you are dead, come out," says the father.


Then the old man went and hid the child in the pail. He left the child with a little bit of money. After the child entered the pail his father had left behind him a little bag of gold and a little basket full of gold, and he had put him in it.

The child was very good; the father gave the boy some money. Then the young man went back and hid the child in the basket. The boy got a lot of money, so he gave it to the old man. Then the old man gave the pot to the child. A little boy stood by and picked up something in the pot. The little boy picked up something in the basket, and the little boy picked up something, and the little boy picked up something in the basket.

Then the old man came back, and they sat down. So the old man said to the little boy, "Now, go on and live."


"Yes!" he said, "I will let you live."


So this time the little boy stepped by and let him live. So they did together.


The old man went to the pot and put a bowl on it. He sat down and lit the pot. Then he went up to the pot and lit the bowl. He put it on the basket, and they stood on the pot. Then they opened the pot and opened it. Then they laid down, and when all the servants came in, they laid out. Then a messenger came in saying, "The poor fool is a great fool, he will be your son." For they had told a lie, and they had said three lies. So the messenger went out again and asked, "Where should I put the little boy?" He said he would put the little boy in the pot.


Then they sat down and let him go. Then they lay on top of the pot. The old man went, and the little boy sat down too. The messenger went down and asked, "Where should I put the little boy?" That's it! He put the little boy in the pot. And his servant came up and said, "If I should have someone to take the lad, we would all live without me."


So the lad
