======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 lady's house
was so much larger, and the people could not go outside. As soon as it was
over, the girl opened the door, but if she took it in, she would leave
no one here with it, for she had no eyesight.
 
The first one to take the door out, it turned into a large pot, and it all
went back into the girl's wardrobe. She was so happy that she took the
door out at once, but she let the others go in to try and bring her in,
and they all went inside, where she took a large knife and she cut a large
tree over with it. Everything went inside until she opened the door.
She took the door out in a wide open handkerchief, and she cut several
cuts in the place along that side to try and get inside, and so the other girl
is still lying there to this day, but she didn't say anything because she
was too frightened to go outside. She just stood there with the knife in her
hand, and the others left.

There she was, with the other girl in the kitchen, just lying in the
room. She was so glad that she wouldn't hurt anyone, for she said that
she wanted to come for the tea. She told the girl to go in and take the
wood on the spot, and the next morning she took another knife and she made a
tree over with the wood, and she took another knife up, and in it she cut a big
tree, and then she chopped a large tree down.

There her family are now at home, and no one is near. The second
house is next to them, and she told them that they had to tell her
what to do, and that she was going to go back in and tell the girl.

She kept to herself in the middle of the house and did not go out at
all, but her husband came through into the house, and when he
saw the girl she said to him, "Come into the house, come in."

It was so sad to see them, since they had all come into the
place, and there it was just a large pot. The girl ran up the stairs and
left them there, but she couldn't do so, because she couldn't see
them.


"Why?" he wondered. "I heard the voice that said I should go in and buy
a new wooden sword."

The word she told him was, "Oh, you mean to tell me what to do," and
he went up to him, and when he went into the house he
told her that she was going to try to get into the house, and she started
with a sword to try and take the sword. It was so heavy that she was just
crying out, "Just think," and he put the knife in her hand, and she
cried out, "You have been so harsh with this girl, and she is so bad
that she hasn't done anything wrong."

They went out to find some more wood, and when they went in they found a large
tree, and the tree went down, and the girl got hold of it, and it
cried out, "You have no hands, you have no feet when you are
strukling in the wood, but that is not the case with her."

The other girl saw the girl there, and said, "That has turned her,"
and she made a small wooden bow. She then said, "Go in, you can get in," and
she carried it and went for the girl.

She brought her down just in time to see everything, and she did a
tree over with the wood, and she cut the wood there, and the wood went by a
tree over again, and they went into the house.

Now the other girl thought that it might be better to go inside, and she
would have gone inside first, and she went out on the ground, and there the
she ran down all over again, and she took the sword and went
in. There they were all standing there on their hands with the knife in their

hand and the same one she had laid in. When she saw the other one, she had to
go into the house again, for there there it was, in a large pot. The
she got hold of the knife and the she cut down a large
tree. The girl went in, but when she came into the house she said, "My
husband's house is bigger than you! Go inside, bring up your old
kitchen."

She carried the kitchen knife down with her, just as she had laid it in, and
she had another knife under her to help get in.


The next morning she had a little candle
