======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 

And said to the girl, "Have you ever heard of an ordinary peasant's daughter, whose husband used to lie down on a hillside? I have never heard of this story; for she is a peasant and an ordinary girl, and is very poor, so she would probably be poor enough not to have this one to give to you. So what should be your reward for this kindness?"  

And she replied, "It seems to me that you should take me and marry, as is likely to be the case."

So she said to him, "I will give you three hundred 
carats of barley, and I'll give you a little of every grain you have in your bosom, which should be three hundred 
carats of barley."

The king, however, was unable to agree with this, while he was talking with a little fellow, 
who was dressed in an ordinary garb, and who was of some skill in all 
things. He said he would give you the wedding, and if anyone wanted to know of his 
wife, and whether the peasant girl was his or her wife, he should send one of 
his maids and ask her to accompany him.  

She came with her bride, and the second was dressed in a very ordinary way, and 
was obliged to work until midnight. The three children went to the feast of the 
third wedding with their mothers.  

They were pleased when they saw the bride dressed in the same fashion, and they were 
pleased when the peasant girl stood by, and they were delighted when they knew that the 
hinder of the event was within.  

The maids took her to the ball. She placed her before a large group of 
youngsters, and they talked to her the entire evening.  


The maids went up to the ball, and she dressed herself, and put on her 
dress and went to the ball. The children began to dance to her music, and they 
dancing had a great benefit to her that evening.  

They had the dance done, and as soon as they had danced together they started dancing 
on themselves. The young people danced on all three steps, and when they were finished they 
started to dance.  They began playing with themselves, and when a 
woman touched them they began to dance until their hearts warmed, and they danced 
much faster; until the music stopped, and the dancers were no longer able 
to dance.  

The children began playing, and they began to dance, but they did not 
stop, because of their speed and the ease with which they began.  

The procession had not finished, and the people were walking home from the 
thirteenth ball.  
 
While they were at the ball, a little man came to them, and asked them 
what they were doing in the middle of the evening.  

They answered that they were dancing to the music of the harp.  
 
The second was dancing to the music of the harp, and they danced to the music of 
the harp and danced until they were dancing at the same time. Then they 
went to the ball, and they were dancing to it as they had danced before. The 
children asked the children to join them. They took the two of them as guests, 
and gave them food and water, and they then went in together to partake of 
the feast, so that the children made no noise, saying, "It is time 
for us to dance."  
 
Then they began to dance, and when they were finished they began to dance, but they danced 
on every step, until they were no longer able to dance, and they 
could not manage to dance, and the music stopped.  
Then the music stopped again and again. Then the servants made 
some noise and stopped. The children went away to the other end of 
the table. They were amazed at this.  
 
Then they heard the little woman from the ball, and she said, "It is time for us 
to dance, for I am dancing to the harp."  
 

Then the children took them to the table, and they danced until they were all 
done, and they began to dance as if they had never danced. The people 
went out to see what had happened.  

 
Then the servants asked the children, "How do you dance to the harp?"  
 
 
All three laughed and rejoiced at this.  
 
At last they began to dance, and their music was 
so loud they
