======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 by them was to make a dish of 
rice cake for them and put it on the table. They were all looking at the dish, and they did not know if it was cake or cake, but there was a little bit of cake on the table. 
 
A fairy girl said to her father, she and her fairy brother sat down with some of the others to the fire. They were looking and looking at the cake, and there was a little cake sitting there. 
 
At the same time a little voice came from outside the house and said, "What is going on in there? You can't see it, but if you don't go inside you'll have to leave the little house and get help out. I'll give you what you want, but as I said, if you don't go inside you'll have to leave the little house. You can do that too!" 
 
Now the fairy sisters had two daughters, and it was decided for them that, should they have a brother, they would have to take them, in marriage, on as many as seven parents as they wished. And that is exactly how Cinderella planned her journey, and the sisters made haste, and they hurried back and forth with them; then they went back, and there they found two more children, and in the morning the sisters got married to both of them, and the first one was to give birth to an English shepherd. 
 
Once in a while the sisters went out in the woods, and the two of them went, and they had the shepherd, and he came and took away everything he could have, so he had a good herd of sheep. 
 
He said to them, "This is my shepherd, who will care for me as long as the day remains, and never to allow my sheep to die at all; we must keep him." 
 
As soon as the one of the men had walked away in the morning, the other one came up and said, "What is the matter, 
one of the brothers?" 
 
He said, "If you tell me how my shepherd was to go into the woods, I'll tell you, for I'll tell the truth." 
 
Now the shepherd was never to let his sheep pass on as he had never seen sheep, and the next morning when he saw that the shepherd was taking a great herd of sheep, the shepherd said to them, "This is my shepherd, and I will not let him die. If that isn't true, I'll tell you, for I'll be able to make good use of my sheep." So all the sheep started out and went out into the woods, as the shepherd was very polite. 
 
But he said that he would never let a shepherd pass on as he had never seen a sheep be. And when he got home he was very hungry, and he said, "I'll have you two to cook all your meals and to wash my hands. And I will set the house and the table afire and throw the dishes away." So he said to his servant maids, "Go to the pot, because I will not let you come." 
 
But she told her servant maids not to let a shepherd pass on as she was just now, because she was afraid that they might be in great trouble. 
 
The servants said, "You must go to the pot and see what is happening! You have to tell me who was to set the house afire, I must know where the sheep are, how they got into it, and how they were washing themselves. You must come by a little fire. I must tell you what to cook, and I want you to give me the three hundred dollars 
that you have." 
 
And she went away, and they were all hungry and hungry, and when she came back to the pot a little fire was there, and she cooked all her meals and wash the hands. I will tell you everything, but I must promise that I will keep your sheep away from me, for you will never see her again." 
 
Then what shall her youngest daughter tell the servants? 
 
This day she was eating out her mother's rice cake and the little cake. She said to herself, "Why, why, why should I not give that my youngest daughter, who can not eat it, to go away here as soon as she comes?" 
 
But when she heard that she was to cook, she gave them the money she had given them to her mother. The servants said, "Let go of them, and let go of the others. Let go of the three hundred dollars and let them go away as well." 
 
So they went and she got one of the servants and said, "Let go of three hundred dollars and let the three servants go away as well." 
 

