======== SAMPLE 1 ========
Oh, it's not you, but you!" said the dog. With a mighty shaking, hoof, and a hoof of his tail, he said
"I do," said the cat, "but if there are only
some good things to do in the world, I would like to help the cat to have
a little house and some room for all that he needs." 
 
So saying, the cat ran to all the walls of the room, and saw that it was
there that the cat's house was, and that the cat's room was all white,
so that there must be some of the poor little house in the cat's room. So he
put forth his claws and said to the cat, "Just take a few words and read
what I'm saying, and when you feel as I do, you will find out what I'm
doing." 
 
So as he approached the cat, whereupon all the wall that might
be seen was covered with the finest silk, and the cat could not
move an inch, as the cat could not be moved. Then the cat, who was
almost invisible, spoke to him, and, when they spoke, he suddenly spoke
to the cat, and when the cat understood what he was saying, he said, "Just bring
on this silk, and when you feel well, you will find a room for all
that I need" at the end, and so having been done, he left the cat to
sit down and make his meals until all was well. The cat, being very
good and nice, and the cat's father exceedingly kind, he went away, saying, "Go and
find a place for yourself, and when you find yourself satisfied, eat up
the best of everything you can get, and when you are satisfied eat up your
soul." 
 
So saying, the cats did as the cat asked them to do, and they went a great
while while farther without coming to the right, and the cat lay down in his
porthole and cooked up a fine meal for the cat's father and
daughter. Finally the cat had enough of these words to make two
nurses and ran on to the sea. As he ran along on the waves, he was
followed by a lion who had come over, as did all the other cats. As they
suspected, there were some of those lions who were chasing
them, but nothing was known to be more dangerous to the cats than the
three wolves. 
 
So the cats said to the lion, "Why do you stay by your father's side,
while you are chasing us? Well, just do it, and when you feel well,
you will find a room for all that you need, and when you are satisfied
you will eat up everything you can get." 

 
"Very good, very good," said the lion to the cat. 
 
"Do you do as the beast asks you?" replied the lion. 
 
"Yes," continued the cat, "tell it like I do, and when you feel well,
eat up your most valuable stuff, and when you feel well, you will find a
way where you can go." 
 
So saying, the lion went on to the fox and the wolf, saying, "Go and find a
bedroom for your father, and when you find yourself satisfied, eat up the
lives of the people who live here that eat you, and when you are satisfied
you will find a room for their souls." 
 
"Very well!" said the fox, "tell it like I do, and when you feel well,
get your things. As long as you do, I never have to ask for anything
other than that of you, and when you feel well, all you need is for
to eat up everything you want, and when you are satisfied you will be
brought back here to life." 
 
So saying, the fox and the three wolves went on to the fox's house
and there brought a small chest full of things that they had. So
all the neighbors, all the foxes, the wolfes, the dog, and the fox, all came
to the house to take their meals. The fox also went into the wolf
home and sat down by the wolf's side, the wolf in his own coat
heeled sack, and said, "Go and find a room for your father, and if he
feelswell, then he will come and
make me his supper." 
 
"Very good," said the wolf, "tell it like I do, and when you feel well,
eat up your
lives like you always have, and when you feel well, have it to
come from here, and when you see what
