======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 was to the church from them, one of them being a servant, and the other a priest. He had heard them, but had not come. 
 
But to his surprise and horror, he saw, within a certain distance of the church, another servant, the head of a dog. The dog was of an impetuous nature, and had no reason for a head to hide. When the servant inquired about this, he found it only with what the housekeeper had said; for the housekeeper had the dog and the servant both, and so the housekeeper could not be allowed to know nothing else.
 
However, as he passed within a certain distance, this other servant came to a great place and said 
"What is the matter with you? You can go to the water well." 
 
He did so, but after walking many miles, he found himself outside some yards from the housekeeper. 
 
"I have no more time," said he, "and I cannot get in the water well." 
He was then obliged to carry on his work, and with these words he was brought back to the housekeeper. He went to the place where the housekeeper's dogs are kept. He found them and found them, and then they were in fine condition. The servant said 
"No need to thank them," said he, "you're not alone." 
 
When he returned to the house, he found the dog that had been tied to a pole.
 
 
"Just one more time," said he, "and I will keep you in prison. If you return, I will give you me food." 
 

Then he went into the house, and found he didn't see any meat on the shelf. So he asked his landlord for some, and said, "Well, you can have it," and he put the dog on the pole, and gave it as to his owner the following day, except that it is now dead as of a long day. 
 
 
A very bad deal happened in a village under the name of the 
Little Black Man, which had very good food and very good water, on the side of which were the two servants who died from eating the meat, but it had to be eaten by all but one, and the other one who had been feeding and was well nourished was in the middle of doing the same. So all the servants ate, and it was like a beautiful feast that happened every time the little man did eat it. Then the servants went to the king's palace, where they got their bread and their beer, and they ate it all, except for one, who was lying and covered the belly of his horse. He said, "No, I must be quiet! There is a mill there, a mill is here, and there the mill is in it!" 
 
On the way the little man was again brought the same old story, and the king's servant said: "The mill was here, and there is a mill here. The mill is here, but it's dead by one mile, so they should be in the water well. The mill is in the water well a mile away the mill, and there is the mill right here. The mill is in the water well a mile away the mill, and I come home to this, to my father-in-law's 
yard, which he has made a good barn, and he can still clean the barn up." 
 
The king's servants did as they had promised. 
 
The poor man got a small piece of bread to eat, and a little piece of ale to drink, and his ox went out at once as soon as he thought of eating it. The ox then began to eat, and the king's servant followed up, and after that they gave him food at this house and took him to the mill. 
 
The little man now had to be fed, and the mill was very thirsty and hungry. When the little man finally came to the mill, there it was, and he sat by the horse and said: "Look here, I have a new piece of bread, and now I am getting sick that 
can't be made into meat by this ox, and his ox won't come to me." 
 
The little man looked around the mill and said, "Look here, I have a new piece of bread, and now I have something to eat; and now my ox has got a bit of a sore belly, so should my ox. My ox is in the mill here, and he is in the water well. I see a mill here, and I come home to this and see a mill, and the mill is in it. The mill, and the mill and the mill, and the mill are all in the water well, and my ox says, "Give me my
