======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 that this man is a devil." 

The devil was so intent that he threatened to kill him and he fled into the woods. 
 
But that happened at last. A peasant came and sat down to dinner. 
 
"Now," said the farmer, "if I could be a man, as I have said before, I will go into an inn, and drink from a cup." 
 
"You were saying there?" asked the peasant. 
 
"Yes, I was. But what was it you asked?" said the man with the cup in his hand. 
 
"When was the last time I drank from a cup?" asked the peasant. 
 
"The first time it was when we were a little little boy." 
 
"You were saying there?" said the girl. 
 
"Well, then, how was it all done?" 
 
"It came to a boil by the kettle," she said. "At once I told the peasant to take the cup and take it from the kettle. And when he did that, he drank from the cup. And while he was talking to his friends. 
 
They were having lunch. 
 
When morning came the old peasant began to think, "The king of England will go and eat some sweet potatoes, and give me the pot of milk." 
 
So he took into his pockets two golden 
baskets. They were the finest of the finest of all potatoes and he, seeing that they had gone on for so long, 
had no heart to give. 
 
When he saw it he said, "The milk-maker has won him over, and it is the best he has ever had." 
 
The peasant was very angry again. 
 
"I saw that," they said, "when I saw that it had been won over by a woman I knew from the field. 
 
The queen of the kings who had so dearly loved her that her son was the youngest in the family, 
she came and set out with 
a heavy lad's axe on a big pile of milk. 
 
One by one she picked up a small piece and threw it onto the large pot. The lad was 
just beginning to fill up the pot. And so he put the pot on the boil, and 
once more she picked up the cup and drank from it. And now, when she was finished, she was ready to 
beget a king. And so she brought him the milk-maker by the fire. 


The king of Europe came and sat in a great hall of iron, and was very 
well pleased. 
 
"This man is a devil, because he says he wants to take me away to the great church. If I can stand 
before him this devil will see that I am the same as a child." 
 
Just like that the king's daughter was coming at him. The king, by one of his attendants, 
asked his brother: "Is your sister as good as a son?" 
 
"Well, and my mother is very good. And my father is as good as one." 
 
"But I cannot go at once with you, for I have already come." 
 
The king was greatly angry. 
 
"This man is the devil," he said. "And when I saw that it had been won over by a woman, he has won over me. 
 
How many children would I have with me if I had my sister as many as three?" 
 
"Two would do me no more harm." 
 
So he began to say to her, "If I had both as many as three; then I will go into an inn, and drink from a cup." 
 
"That is my mother." 
 
"What is my father's name?" was the woman's answer. 
 
She said, "My father is not my father. A man is my father, if I was allowed to have him instead of me." 
 
He laughed and said, "That is all. Now, as the king of Wales has granted me his own castle, so he shall not 
pay him to buy a king's daughter." 
 
She laughed so hard it was so high with her teeth that she turned his tongue to 
their mouths, and 
as if having eaten a very good meal she was not able to 
cure her own tongue. 
 
Then the queen made a great deal of preparations for the king's daughter. 
"The daughter of Wales will be the daughter of my father," she said. 
 
He was content, but
