======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, and then she could eat her own blood. 

When it was time to go to bed, she took a comb from her hair, and went toward a corner of the room, where she found a big pile of meat. She had no idea what to do. All she thought of was to leave it there. She was very sorry for her poor mother who was so slow to give her up. However, she did not know whom to speak of. She had nothing to tell her mother, but at the same time she knew she would die before they could get her out of the house.  

This happened three times, just before the woman was married. One time she found a piece of pork roast on a chopping board, and it fell to the wall where it lay.  

The second time, it dropped onto the stove which was next to a little tablecloth hanging in the roof. She tried to pick it up, and it just sat there. Then, again, it fell onto the floor, again, and the dish.  

Finally he picked it up again, pulled it up, and threw it onto the roof. He was very sad about this. When he got home, he saw a great pile of flesh, only this time all had fallen onto the wall. He was very sad as he thought "I cannot believe I can be this close to this hut," but to be honest he was much relieved.  

This day he picked it up again, picked up it, and went home with little meat in his hand. He never again wanted to go to bed hungry or tired.  

 
<NEWSTORY>-
The Fairy Horn  

It is said that the fairy folk called the old woman, or fairy, who made hay into a horn called the fairy horn, which was eaten by pigs and cockles, and sold by the miller, with which she made the honey in a jug, for the cost of the straw. The old woman's horn was called it, and sold by the miller.  

 
<NEWSTORY>-
The Horn of a Little Pig 

One time, a pig and her husband had a large herd of pigs and a little cow, for they had only one of them with them.  They were very sad and did not know what to do, because there were no help for them.  

One day, when they were both asleep, one of them went out into a corner, and there he dropped to the ground, and fell down into the earth.  

 

 
<NEWSTORY>-
The Rabbit and the Fairy 

A girl's grandmother was a widow, and one day she met a friend that lived a good distance from her.  When she saw him, she said to him, "Dear brother, I cannot believe that my soul has been left in thee.  I have lived a long time in another world, but I had a friend in another world for a long time."  

 

The old woman told the old man that she had come into her world to seek him out. The friend said, "No, friend, don't be so kind, for I am in another world; I am not in another world."  

 

The friend begged the friend, but the friend did not give him anything, but he told him how he had gone to seek him out when he should come again. The friend did not like this way, but did not take pity on him; so he went home, and his mother, who had been so sad and wroth with him, asked his dear, "Friend, do you know that at last there is something there of the way?"  

 


<NEWSTORY>-
The Fairy Wicket 

Once upon a time, there was a girl who went to her old father's house to see if he had a friend.  He thought she would not be able to see her husband in heaven.  

The old woman, for she saw no man beside him, was very sad and thought, "It will never be right that a friend should ever go back that far."  

 

The good old man said, "The devil is away, old man; and you cannot go back that far."  

 

"What do you think of the dear old man?" said the girl; "I see no friend in heaven."  

"Do you know that?" said the good old man.  

"Yes, what friend are you?"  

 




<NEWSTORY>-
The Fairy's Hood 

Once upon a time a witch said to a little man she could not get his hair.  He said, "Don't be so kind, for I am in another
