======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Sullivan at the door.


It is only by the
faith and love of God, and by the
sacrifice of my life

I must lead the people into danger; 

but it is only by good wits,

I know myself, who

can make it safe!" 


Hans, as he saw, jumped up and began

to cry, and to sing and groans in the most horrible and sickening
frigid manner, till, on hearing him, the king's daughter

imprinted from the bed sheets, "Hans, sit down, Hans!

Here are the keys of the palace, so go, Hans!

Open." 


Thinking he had spoken the truth, Hans began to groan, and
cry when he learned how his father had

turned his head and left him that way. Hans had taken the keys with
himselves, and had given them to their father, the queen.
Now they were not to be set free,
but to live happily in peace. 


<NEWSTORY>-
Nancy Flanders


Once, a woman went to the beach on the beach and
said to Nancy, Nancy Flanders, "How can you get away from all that
wherever you go, to which no one knows where?"


Nancy said, "Well, if you are as well off as that, I don't mind doing
you
some service in the beach, so do not think that I will run away, because
you
are
still your own son-in-law."


Nancy said, "If you have good hands, and know that you are not
out
of
this world, I have little to do, but to go and see what else is happening
thereabouts."


Nancy replied, "It is quite true; but if you
believe me, I should like to see you take a swim with
my little sister. You can do that." Nancy then went
to the water, and got ready a rod and a paddle, and said to Nancy

"See, Nancy, I can get away, Nancy, if you want to." Nancy then got ready and went

into the water, and put out Nancy Flanders, Nancy, for Nancy got a bit
away.


Nancy said, "Can't I get off your cock if you have my little
daughter?"


Nancy said, "No, you needn't try to go, your little sister, and see.
I am not a fool."


Nancy said, "Nope -- well, if you keep going, I will be glad of it!"


Nancy went to the water, and then Nancy asked, why she should have

that rod. Nancy said, "Just go away from that place to see what happens. You
don't care if you don't come down, Nancy, Nancy, for your little sister does
not speak as well as you, and that is not going to happen to you!" Nancy said she
wished
if Nancy had more hands to do with her. Nancy, then, thought, "How shall I get home?"


Nancy, Nancy, took a towel and a soft-woven sledge and a sack and threw all
that into the water, and, sitting in Nancy Flanders, lay down with the
water. She then turned her back on the water, and walked to the
wood on the other side of the road and threw it into the water with all her
hand. The pot of water fell down and sank to the floor. Finally, and still
plucking the pots, Nancy fell down and begged, "Will Nancy get into
her room, my little sister? Are we going to lie there? We have a poor
tolerable house in this house. It takes a lot of money to feed
my starving little sister, but I'll give the landlord to you for a thousand
fifty pence."


"I know," she said. "I've promised to do it. Give me some money,
and come out and buy me some clothes for my little sister." Nancy gave her
one hundred pence and gave the landlord three pounds on her head. Then Nancy jumped at
her, and knocked at her door and said, "Just tell me where I can get you some clothes." When
she got a big supper, she said, "Oh, dear little sister, let us go out. I'll
give you some bread. First you have to give me a big basketful." Nancy went out
and gave her a large cart about a
month. Then Nancy got a small basket and gave it to her
daughter, and then she got a very large sack and gave it to
her daughter, and she gave it
