======== SAMPLE 1 ========
"We are both very hungry," said the prince in a very serious tone.


"If only we were both still, but my mother would want me dead," responded the king.


At length, seeing that the poor child could not get a living, with his poor wife's help, they were forced to depart.


In the meantime they set out together, and went down the streets together. There they met another prince, who was dressed in a green robe, and who, finding his own child with their child, said, "Now I must give him an answer." 


The prince replied, "What are you asking?"


"Go on, my lord," replied he.


They journeyed on without incident, for no one could help him; and then they began to see whether the old king was of any use. 


The prince said, "I can give him some answer, but I will keep my mouth shut." 


Then the old man said, "How shall we find it in time?"


Then came out as the child's handkerchief, the prince said to himself: -- "We have neither the child nor the flesh and blood of a real man. We are both poor and weak, which is why I must give him food and sleep." 
 
"What do you want?" cried out the prince. "I want the prince's child." 


"Very well, my lord, when I give you food and a meal the old man will give me food too." The prince took such a delight that his mouth fell open and he said, "Now you must say what will you give me." 

 
"I must not tell you that I am going to say anything," said the old man. "He has always told me to say, 'Tell him, father, what will you give him, or what will he give you?" What were the prince's thoughts?

 
"Do not let him lie, for he is in the flesh to him. He does not need to lay his hands on me, because he will eat us all alive." 
 
At that moment, the prince said to himself, "I am going to tell him what will you give him, or what will I give him to take his hand. And it will be as follows: Give him food and sleep, as you can, and his hand will be free to do what he likes as long as he remains."  
 
Then the prince gave the father the child and told him that he could not allow himself to be killed with nothing. 

 


"The little lad is very foolish, my son," replied he. "The king has a pretty and fair heart; but this should be no use."  
 
At this the old man said, "The king was very kind to him, but you must not let him speak, for he is not a true man if you do not tell him what will become of him. I will give him food, and sleep. You must say what you want, then."  
 
The old man gave the child what the prince asked, and the prince said, "Go, my lord, to tell him what will become of him to take his hands, and what will become of him." Then they went as far as they had to go. Then he spoke to the prince by means of a letter.  
 
"He shall not let that be," said the father.  
 
"Then will he make me pay what I tell him?" said the prince.  
 

 
"The prince is not a man of words," said the little lad.  


His heart went out of him. He tried and failed to talk, but did not say a word.  
 
"You shall never let him speak," answered the prince; and the Prince would give him everything he said, from sleep to food to sleep."  
 
Then the father and son went the way of the old prince's carriage. The boy, who was still asleep, cried to the old man, "You must tell him what will become of me to get him food, and what must become of me to take food. I can not tell him if he will speak then."  
 
The old man was so frightened by this that he cried out: "Be quiet, my son, and take him to supper."  

 
Then, leaving the boy and the young man alone, the prince gave the prince a meal upon which he took the meal. The prince went to the little boy and said to him, "It is an easy task, my son, to get the prince a good meal upon which he will eat. We all have very good things to do; let us be a little uneasy. Tomorrow night, do not lie; I
