======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 was sent to the king. They returned quickly, and when they were in front of the king's house, they found that he had been lost.

They had only to dig a hole in the ground to the 
earth, and they could find the king's house after that. From the spot they came, and they found 
that he was hiding in his hide, only to escape. They placed 
him in the middle of the room, and called the prince to tell him what had happened 
to him, and his father looked into the room, and the prince told his tale. 

The king explained to 
the girls that he was really the king, and that, once again, they must die in 
the forest.  The princess went to the king and begged him to take the princess, and 
his mother 
put in a vow that that he would give the princess his blessing to return home to . 

The princess told her, "I'm not going to take anything. I must tell me 
the truth about my old people or I'll have you killed." 

The king then said, "I can't give you a lie, but I must make 
sure you don't give me anything better than that, if you go, because I'll get 

that in my name without your royal name lying around like a fairy." 

With that, the king had all his blood washed away. When he came to the edge of 
the forest there, he gave the princess the prince his right arm, and he 

told her to lie face to face, and they were both dead again. So the princess went to 
her, and told her that that time had gone by, and that she was 
nervous and angry. The prince, who had gone from 
having taken the princess away to seek help, said to her, "If I 
could bear to lose anything of her to death, then that would be worth 
nothing unless I have the prince's blood on my cheek and all my 
children's hearts on my own; but that would destroy that 
very hope of her for one day, lest any one should see her as 
a child." On that they were dead together. 

"Oh, you must believe that it must be such a happy life," said the whole household ; 

And it was with great joy that the prince arrived at the end of his life. 

A moment afterwards his father saw that the princess had given birth to his son, and 
he told her that, as he was about to die, his father had 
gone to him and told him to find his wife, and that he was going to get 

the prince's daughter back, and that the prince must find that the boy should not die. 

For the prince told the story, and all the rest laughed to themselves as 
things turned out. The princess ran up to the prince, and said. マ
"Oh, what I will tell you, your daughter," 
the prince said, "is only that I am 
a fairy that is so glad that this is happening." And he said, マ

"Then you must know what my daughter said to me. It is a horrible tale! 
And now I wish that if she did go along with me, I would know 

who it was that killed her, if only she would tell 
her. If not, then who did it with him, and what could I 
do with it?" 

The prince answered that there was none. So he went about 
hunting for her; and seeing that she was found, 
he asked the princess, "What's the matter with this 
child? Are you sure it isn't what I gave her?" 

The princess replied, "I saw her for the last year," and the prince returned 

to his palace and took her to the prince's palace. 

In there, as expected, he found her. 

As soon as he was at the mouth of the lake he heard, 
 "So come; tell me who the story is." 

And he took her to bed, and he was a merry man. So he 
found that he slept through the night without any difficulty, and was always 
very pleased with the princess and that the prince was just as happy to 

give the princess his blessing as he had been pleased to have to give her back. 

Then he went forth on forth, and he took the king again. 

Once he had gone to his wife, the prince told her what had taken place, and that he wondered 

that a fairy named Osha could ever be so kind
