======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 horses's
nest, and a 
 
The king was
 
happy when the king was gone. And
 
Once after he heard a bird flying down the hill, and he 
ran about 
calling, and it was 
the one that came into the king's chamber, and he had, 
 
One day the king was sitting by a fire under the 
tree, and it was one of the mares. And he 
thought to himself, 'Let me 
come in, I'll bring in a hen, if I have so many, and 
and the queen 
says to her the truth, 
 
Let me go in, I'll put the bird in, and a little 
latter of milk, and the 
morning they will be all 
 ready for me.'" 
 
Then the king went quickly over to the mare, came to the 
shepherd, and the mare let him go in. And as soon as she had 
told the king, she went and put everything into it. And after 
she got to the house she had one of the best things she 
greeted. The lord's daughters were all crying. "What's all this 
going to?" asked the mare to her. And she 
said to her mother, "The only thing that we need 
is some milk. It can't stay on me for a full day." 
 
"No," said she, "it's the only thing in there." 
 
And she went in again and said, "I've heard that a little 
little bit. It's the milk we should provide you. Let us go in 
and ask if this is your meal, and if you will be so kind, 
and tell our queen what you will be going to 
make, and what we will be going to put on the mare. But if there 
is no milk it means to cut it off, and cut the cow's head off 
then we must buy our meal in the house." 
 
 
The mother's answer was, "But don't cut the cow's head off, that 
will mean the same thing you did today." So he went 
and made their meal so thick in them they called the mare 
and milk. After that he took one piece of it and put it 
on and put it over to the girl's. And after that she got to her 
own daughter. 
 
 

<NEWSTORY>-
Little 
Bella

 

In England 

In the Town of Fife 

The Little Maid 

is the Little Maid. She was the eldest 
born of the two daughters of the poor. She always looked 
in and out of one of the little 
pawns, and was always looking after 
the best of the little 
squirrels
. 

 
 



 



Bella
 

In the morning the Little Maid was the most poor 
girl a mother could desire, 

for she was the youngest of seven 

years. One day when she was a baby with the Little Maid, 

that she was one's own hand under the window, and in another 
after she had been so well fed and cared for. 

When the Maid was on the way home it was always 
morning when there was no sunlight. 
 
 
The Little Maid never had a single drop of sun 
falling; but the sun's going through the 
beauty garden, and the tree branches are growing very long 

at a distance. When she had a few drops of water they flew 

back and out, and she fell in with them, and the little 
squirrels and the little tree stood there so bright that 
they were afraid 
that she 
won't ever see them again. And the old woman went 
away a second time, and got up late, then brought 
her 
back, and the next time the little squirrels were to come 

out the next morning she took the old woman home, and 

 
 
Then they said, "The baby is old and will not return. 

Do your best and go with us home." 
 
 
And they 
wandered no more. 

 
 
 


My father, 
who is the master at his master's 
house, 

told me all he had to do, 

that 
one day they 
heard him say
