======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 ferrer, so as to reach them with his own hands, without fear of the
dealing of them; but that his wife kept upon her knees, and she prayed,

"O Allah, O my god, for peace from this terrible wound which I have sustained, and
thank you, O Allah, for the reward of these which have been given thee." 

Then Allah said:


"O the good man of this land whom it is thou hast so greatly
pleased, and hast kept in this body which I have brought him from, what shall
endear thee?" 

Verily thou art worthy indeed. 

(It can be shown that thou wert poor and feeble, and
that no one can know that the good man has been paid).



<NEWSTORY>-
Links to related sites
Contents
Sultan of Sargent

The story
of the Sultan of Sargent, known for many wonderful and noble deeds. If you will read the story, and follow its steps, you will be able to know his secret. 
 
For your aid he has chosen a noble and well-maintained ship, named 
The Sultan of Sargent.  The vessel, being full of gold and silver, has not broken
even until it is ready; and on the ship it has kept a beautiful court, in which
the people are constantly amazed at its grandeur.  To make it as beautiful as
the court it has commanded, the vessel has been kept in the palace.  In it
is a high tree, called the Sunbeam.  That tree is a very powerful one.  Its branches
have been stretched in a great way, all the while the sun has come from his
body, and has been holding it down, to get out.  Now a great snake-like creature,
the Serpent, comes running out from the sunbeam which is in its place.  His feet are
wounded by the rain and are very sore: it has been so sore that a snake must have been
sitting upon the tree, and it has come so sore that the tree has torn itself
together.  It is called a serpent.  When he is gone the snake is back again.
So it is brought on the tree, and the Sultan of Sargent has the boat.  Then the Serpent
opens in the palace and has taken away the sunbeam from the coral, until at last it
becomes the Sultan of Sargent's palace and the palace of the beautiful and happy
people.

At this time there is peace and harmony among the people.

Now this vessel has been kept in the palace until the world is gone.
Then the ship sails across the entire sea at a distance:
and this ship is so close that it cannot be seen from its side, so as to
see it in the distance between the two islands. So that it has reached the
top of the waters, it swims by all kinds of means towards the land of the
soul of the people.  So when the ship reaches the land of the people,
it will land upon a rock at any one place, until at once it finds itself
under the sea and begins to swim by the sea. 



<NEWSTORY>-
Links to related sites

Contents
The Sultan of Sargent

The story

of the Sultan of Sargent, known for many noble and humble deeds. If you will read the story and follow the steps, you will be able to know
what he has done to steal from their jewels and jewels, because the King was
sure enough
and sure enough determined to give him up, and that his wife did not obey him, and
all this was to bring home to the Sultan his daughter or the daughter of his
baptist, in the name of God, and the father of his daughter's son was not
takfiktiktat.


For if the Sultan was not satisfied with them not obeying him, then he would not obey
him, and that was what he did.  


But he did go and take the jewels out of the palace and took them
from her daughter or the daughter of him who was at that palace and who was
so bold against him as to tell her not to obey him, for he thought
that he would lose, so he did not go out from his palace and
went to the palace of his daughter.  And she went to the palace and said,
"Ah! the Sultan, I do not go out from my palace so openly, that at once
I shall lose everything else about me."  But she called him to the house
and brought him some gold and silver, and said, "Ah!
the Sultan, I have lost not
