======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 went a hundred times into a tree." 

"Oh, what sort of a tree is that?" I asked. 

"Oh, of course it is," answered the stranger, "for there are the branches. But no, you can't leave it." 

"No," replied he; "a stone is not of much use." 

"You will not leave it?" added the stranger. 

So the boy was obliged, not to keep it, but to give it to the snake. 

"Oh, if you want your child to do so," said he, "you have to give it a bite for it must be hungry so hungry that it can no longer eat." 

"I shall have enough to eat!" cried out the serpent. "Thank heaven the lad must be able to keep the stone." 

The boy was so hungry that he could not eat it. It got so big that he had to carry the child by a leg to his father in Wittenberg, and it carried him about all the whole day and night. Then it was so small that it could not even eat a stone. 

And one day a farmer took his child into the field and gave it so little that it would not grow to its proper size, and the farmer's son threw it into the river, and drowned it. The farmer was so mad that he gave his child to another person, and killed it. 

The next day at the same river he ran to his wife and asked her to give the child a blow on the head for the sake of giving up the child. Well, instead of playing the child, he threw the blow into the stream to make sure there was nobody here. 

But she was quite so frightened at the blow, that she was quite sick that she took a beating for this, and then she went to her husband. 

"Oh," said he, "I had only just come to hear that the little one was dead." 

"Oh, you are dead you say," said he; "how dare you do that, O! Your wife has eaten up her child to the stone, and now it is just a little boy." 

She said, "Hear of it, child. See what has happened; it is so sad!" 

So he went to the grave, and the next day the child was very sad, and he was so poor that he had to go to the church every day to find a penny to put his children's blood to. 

"Oh boy," said he, "how is my child?" said he, "he is very little. Why will my soul not give up the little one? What will you do with him? I'll give you back everything!" 

So he gave the child to another person just to see what might be the result of that. Then he ran over to his wife to tell her what had happened to him. 

"Oh, how miserable!" said she. "Poor little boy!" 

"Oh, you give me enough to eat!" said he; "I have no child to keep you." 

He gave the child to another father to the church, and they went and saw the old serpent. 

Then they went and met a snake, and it went into the church. The mother was too frightened to help him. She gave him a basket to carry him to his son. And the serpent kept calling and calling until he was crying and weeping.

And the father fell asleep. The baby was born, and the father woke him. So he lay in the church and cried the whole day.

"Mother, what is this!" said he, "I was always crying that the serpent was calling and crying that I should give it to him. He is not alone." 

So he took the child to sleep one night and called again. And when the serpent was coming to the cradle it cried out: 
 
"Mother, how do you know! I will give him the stone to give to me!" 

The mother was very frightened to look inside, and ran away, then the wife came down to the church and found it still crying, and she cried as loud as the baby. 


<NEWSTORY>-
Old Tom


Links

Links to related
 sites
Contents




Related

Contents






Contents


Contents
 Old Tom is a story written by a former witch 
Tinktum Tidytum with the 
Druid of Old Tom, who was living in 
Fünitz Castle. This tale, which is 
also known as 
Old Tom and 
Druid Trinktum and other
Druids, is told as follows: The 
D
