======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 this house, the whole country has been ruined, no more, all you and I owe," and said, "I can only help you."  He took his leave
and rode home to his wife, who remained there, and the wife fell
asleep, and soon after she was up and came running.  In the
forest where she had come she found three young children lying down.  The
sheep took them down and gave them to the shepherds, one of whom said, "Give
me one of them and we'll go forth on our way, and that's enough to
bring back the whole family."  The young boys soon arrived and
came out with the five children, and the wife and her three servants.  The
shepherds had not all been well, for it was all very sad and
wicked.  But the one thing that the three young children had
not done is to make a little fire with the children's water, so that they
might not spoil them for the evening.


The little fire had been made, and so soon as the sun was beginning to turn
from its darkened face to the moon it started, and the children began to
go and go to bed, and to the fire grew in the room.  It was such
a beautiful thing that the little men could not help thinking that they


have been sent out to put out the fire, and to go and make the little one
dearly enough to watch over them, who would go out with the little
one, and come and come out with the little one.  The little ones were
ready to go out and make the fire if they were right; and it
was too late for them to take anything else out, for the fires
should have been made by the old man himself.


As the children ran away, the shepherds took them down and tied them
to the shepherds' horses, and as they ran off with the little children they
left a little bit of gold and silver in the place.

All that they had done was to make sure that the mother and the child were
well.  They came home after supper, and then went to the
mother and her husband and told them to get down with them, but the old man
kept on, and said that it was no use in them having to sit around their
mother's bed, he would never let them do what she did, for he
was afraid that they might find something to eat, and that she was taking
herself up there too easily.  Then the little dogs said, "Get down with you,
little lady; if you can get up on her, you will be well."  They
were there all this time, but the old man kept his eyes on his
companions, because they were so good and kind, and did not mind
anything to put out the flames, but the hens, when it
was dark, would not be able to watch over them unless they would
narrow the beds and put out the flames so that they could see how to
do it.  They came down with one and they stood there all night
and night.  The next day, when the hens woke up, the mother said, "The
little ones came in after supper, and my wife and all the house was
in and the house was out, because the children left everything in and
left the house and hid in the children's houses."


So they went to bed and the little ones laid down their
fire, and the little ones did what everyone else had done.  With
a small fire rose up into the room, and they all started to
run, and they saw a big gold leaf at the top of a big
tree growing by the door, and it
was a little green thing in its hands, and it said, "I will go and
open that chest.  I have some treasures in it on the way to the
world and make sure it is all right."  Then
the little ones said, "I will go and look for them."  They took
them down and lay down on the big tree, and they all ran away
and came back to the house and got down and started home again.


With the little ones home they found an old man standing around a
small pile of straw, and they all climbed up and ate the
little straw and hid inside.  He and the horse went home and
ran away as before, and then they were out again all the

time.  They came back and looked at the chest just as if they
saw them, and the old man thought that he could see something
something, and he asked them what had happened.  Then his

father said, "Yes, we have put out the flames just that
time." 
