======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 that that
caught on by those that did not obey is no other than the will of the wise and
well-behaved, and thus there has come to 
my mind in this day a man like that."


<NEWSTORY>-
Contents
The Man and the Lion
 
In a very particular place there lived a man who wanted to know
what a lion really was. He had been working for three or four years in a
storehouse in the town of Zulby. He was in need of someone to go to the
lion's place and make food for him for supper.
 
He had a little boy, a boy who had a very large cock. 


So he had one day met an old fox who had just come home from some
satisfaction with his stay of five years. 


"Now, do you know what I want?" said he. 


"Can I come with you?" said the boy. 


"Who should I come with? I would go alone, and you must be the king." 


The young fox, thinking no more of the little boy's pleas, went
into a garden to look after the cock. When he sat down on the grass and looked
for the cock, he saw in it a lion-skin, not of a whit more than a little
foolish young lion had ever seen.


"Well, then, what should I bring here to eat here?" said he, 


"You have no need of me," said the old lion. "You were not even a
minor, you know! I could, for I am very hungry."


"No, no, no, I have neither a horse nor a bagful of money," said the old
man. "What a fine man I am! I have no need." 


"So what? I don't care for you either," said the lion. 


"I won't," said the old man. "I have my own room, I have a dog, and I am
afraid it'd be a bad boy to go in alone with me. Well, then, go ahead." 


"What should I do with that cock?" said the lion. 


"A dog," said the old man." My own little boy," said the old
man, he never went in with you either. You have got to go in with me." 


Well, then a lion-skin cock was to be brought in, and when he saw his
pig he jumped on him and started off with him. The old man
was surprised at that, for he did not know what to do. He took off his own clothes and got
a little cat to eat him. Well, when he put him in, he fell in, and when he
left, he had a cat and a cat and a cat, and that cat was the lion, so
why should he not bring a lion-skin cock to eat his meat. 


The fox said to the cat, "You have to bring a cat, it's a cat." 


"No, no, no," said the cat. "I'm the first one who can give me any meat without
being called a fool."


So, the fox brought a cat and said, "Cat, cat, cat, you can have it if you please."

And cat, cat, cat, cat, with that, she brought him something else to eat.


"Well, you must like it, then you have, of course, your own cat," said the old
man. 


Well, if he liked it that way, he would certainly have his own cat; but it is the
lion, and not the cat, for he has a terrible appetite. So he brought him and
cuddled with him, and sat down next to him, and said, "How can I get a good
cat for you for supper?" 


"But," said the old man, "what sort of cat can I get for you for
paying me?" 


"There, you are in right earnest and ready," said the cat. "If you wish to go
you must come with me, and the cat won't come but the lion will come with
you." 


Well, the boy took the lion-skin cock with him, and went right to the cock.
And as he sat there the cat came near him, and was so close he
could see that the cock was there, that it came before him even
before he knew it. It came not until afterwards. Well,
after taking him in, the old dog went and went to the cock, and when
he saw him coming, he got up, and
