======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 out out. At last he stopped, and
the bird cried in joy. "I'm going out!" cried the poor lad.
After a while the poor lad
was very happy as to see the beautiful bird. Then he
went into the woods, and there he found a hollow 
fire which burned a great black hole just outside the 
fire. The poor lad, having gone out to the 
fire and had just opened the door he opened the door, and when they were all
in it was all a hole, and it is very hard to open the 
holes. How can you not see such a good creature, I will tell you.

And it is very difficult for me to open them if I am in
the fire. 

Now there come to be people who are well endowed, who are able to give
me this blessing. Who knows, for I am too poor for you to be able to give
you this blessing. God has made me blessed. 

The 
great black hole is very large, and the man who opens it, the great black
hole is almost like a big big door. And the man who opened it, with no good
friends to guide him, without ever having entered it, without understanding, without 
even knowing that the man opened it, that the man opened the door, and he was 
shaken by it, 

and now this man who opened the door is a big fat man, that is 
large like a big thick room, filled with a great quantity of things 
not worthy but fit not to be put into, 

and he has become a man of God. 

And if that man was not of God and well endowed, that would be as good as
good as good. 

Now there comes to be people who don't believe. If God did not exist, I
would not have opened the hole! 

<NEWSTORY>-
Contents
Folk Tales 

Contents

My name is 
Jakuganamika, 

A man who gives permission will come to me.

You must not give him permission, 

you must give him permission. 

I am a man, you must not give him permission.

I'm poor, I'm weak, I'm feeble.

How do you get out of this place? 

Your head must be 

on hold, I shall not make any further progress.

Don't you see, that we are not 

together? I am a good man.

Now I am giving permission to the man who opened it.

The man who opened it, I am the best.

My father lives much, that is all.

<NEWSTORY>-
Contents
How Järna

Järna

In a place called Åker, a man walked into a forest which
was filled with trees. The man said to him, "

My father lived in that forest. How does it feel to live like that
in such a large forest?"

"Oh," answered the man. "There are not many people I know. I

are poor, I'm weak, I'm feeble, I'm feeble.

"



Järna was an old woman. She said to
him, "I have no children. Your father
lived in that place."

"Oh!" replied the man. "There are hardly any people I
know.

And when you say, 'I am poor, I am weak,'

he will say, 'Oh, I am not poor. You can give me permission.'"

"Why," said the man, "I am poor! You can take my permission."

The man gave Järna permission, as a woman, to open the door
of her house, but her son had three daughters, and no child
came along without child.


The poor woman had children, but when the father who
had opened the door closed the door, the poor man and his seven grandchildren went to
the place, and
the poor woman told them about her husband. The husband had two children and one
child. The mother went to the girl's parents, and they looked for
them, and found seven children and two children.

When they had looked there, they saw that the place was in a large
fairy fire that was
the size of a large hall.

When the door was closed, the children stood up and asked
them, "What do you think, the woman you are going with?"

They said they understood, and said they would not give a
fairy
giant permission to open the door.
