======== SAMPLE 1 ========
,
it was a young nobleman. He wanted her to give him their daughter.
But he refused to give her a maiden daughter or son, but one he preferred.
He said, "I'll sell you anything you want."

But the young man refused to do so; he took the girl back and
ordered a bride to be given to him the next day; then he ordered
and got his daughter, and was satisfied with the bride. 

The next day when the maiden came, the young man said to his
wife, "If you are not ready for wedding yet, get ready
for the wedding in two or three days' time. I shall be married
before your eyes tomorrow to your beautiful daughter."

The bride replied, "Yes, I will go to the wedding."

And when the man came to his room, he saw that the old man was
going to get ready for the wedding; and when he came to the bride, he
did not do him any good.

The bride got up and went to her husband, saying, "You are
ready for wedding!" 

But the old man did not know how to go about it; he did the
stealing, but not because he did some bad things to
his bride; he was afraid of the bride, and did the doing the
wrong things, and did the worst and had the best.

At the wedding, the bride got up and looked at the old man. She said to the bride
she loved the old man, "Why did he do what was so
wrong? Why did he not take away a bride?"

The old man told her, "You will take my daughter home and he will
make you happy." 

The poor woman came running in with a large ring on her finger. She gave
her to the young man, so he went away with it and gave it
to her.

When she arrived home, the woman asked the old man who would make her
have the ring.

When the man came home he said, "Let us go and eat at the 
door."

The little girl came running to the door and gave the ring. 

The old man said, "Well, come to that place, if you like.
But the little girl has a lovely head and a lovely body, and it is
not enough to bring her here."

The little girl put out the ring, and the old man did not want
to give it to her when she came back to the door. But she wanted 
it.

When the old man came home he said, "What kind of a bride should I have
when you come home and have a happy wedding?"

Now this had already happened to her already. It had happened before that 
little man went to the door, and after he had gone into the room, he put the ring
there. Then he said, "You shall get her, and you shall give her a beautiful
head and a beautiful body."

The bride brought the wedding ring to him and said, "Thank you very much indeed,
but you have to live with your wife very much."

The old man said, "She will get better at the head and the body. She
shall live with her and her body, and her body would be better; I
will get even better at the head and the body."


The bride's wife answered, "Yes, you shall get better at the head and the body.
Let
her get better at the head, and let her be better at the body; I shall
get better at the body."

The old man said, "She will get better at the head and the body! She will
get even better at the head and the body!"



They lived there, and at length she got a good and fine house, and
she took a beautiful maid, and got good people and the house was beautiful.
There she had two dogs; she had a house full of nice people.
She was going to have as much of a house as possible, and one of the
companions she wanted so much for herself.
But she got so far that she got into a very bad mood; all the animals were
cried. They went round the house, and when they went up to the
house they heard all the other people singing, and when they had gone
round they saw that there was an old man, and the old man said, "Take
my wife now, your young lady!" and they all ran round.

And at first they went with their good people that day and they came out to
the house. When they got to the house, they heard the same
thing again. The old man, who had come home from the house,
said
