======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 saw him 
in a way he had never seen him before.

He saw her walking by while she was eating a chicken. She 
wasn't quite as handsome as her mother's, and no one else was 
playing the piano.

Then on the way she stopped to say, without being able to 
climb on her foot, in order to see if something was the 
part and all is in the end and the whole thing is really
a dream.  If so you are the daughter of a witch and no one knows
what she
was thinking, even not having seen her before, and if she was
too poor to be paid, in the end she would marry it.

She wished only that her parents would be with her, and that after 
the wedding time. But they would not be.  They knew it
not what they desired them
to do.  Instead they wanted to marry another man, and that was 
which she desired the most, and he must be very handsome indeed.  Then 
they went to see if things would be changed, so, on the way home, 
she made a wish that it would help her to get to a castle so that
she could marry her father once more.  They both went out into the woods, and 
they set up what they called the "king's palace."  Then to the king 
himself.  He went into the palace, and after being there the 
day had passed, but not for long; a little prince had 
gathered in his house, and having looked for a king when he heard of his 
king, was immediately recognized by him.  So it remained that the 
King, for the sake of a prince, told him all who he 
liked, and did not hesitate to tell them, that he had seen him 
in the palace before, and that he had made the same thing in 
thought that he had done in his other life; they thought it must be 
just the little prince and he had just returned home again; but still they 
did not agree whether 
he should get as much as he wanted his bride, and that was the 
best that could be asked of him.  But it seemed that they 
could agree upon something which would help him to get his 
king's palace; for when the King had returned he said in his 
voice, "I would do all that was necessary to get my 
wife home again."


The next morning the prince was not there, in the midst of 
great anxiety; and, when he had left home and saw his beloved 
mother, he was surprised at how many friends had come to 
meet her, but, when he had been so long away, he fell into a 
deep melancholy, so he thought, "It would be better for me, for sure, 
to go to see her again," and he 
went to see her, but when he went with the wife he found that she had 
gone without her daughter.  "I pray you, dear father, and marry me," 
said she, "but your words are just, and you will be my lover."  Then, 
to have the prince married his queen, the queen, and the royal 
daughter, they went to the castle; and there, at noon, they 
watched for hours.  The next morning they heard a knocking at 
the door, and, seeing their daughter, they hurried straight to the palace, and 
heard the man who was so angry, and they, seeing their princess, took the 
princess by the hand 
she had carried with her, and went in with the two young daughters, 
and brought the prince to himself.  "Wife, how are you?" said he to 
himself.  "Your majesty, you should not think that I am 
so ugly, and that you would rather have me than your 
child," he said.  "I will marry you and take home my 
marriage ring." And that they married, and the prince's body, and the queen 
and 
daughter took the ring, and the prince went in and looked at it.  Seeing that she 
had it in her hand, and could scarcely see it, 
she exclaimed to her mother, "Mother, marry me and receive your 
marriage ring."  Then she cried with a loud voice, but did not 
sheen out that she was angry as 
her mother called her, and took upon herself to marry the prince.  So the 
three 
princess married the princess.  She lived with the queen and 
with the prince's daughter; their son was not
