======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 following 
faithful mother.


They were sitting, but did not go down. The old woman went to tell 
him all, "I am going to do what you wish, but you must be 
welcomed. Tell him your reason here."


He took hold of her, and began to pray that she would make good 
her husband's life for her next son; but when he said, "Good Lord, 
I have given up, my old servant. Do not do anything you can no more." 


And with that she left him alone, and had a very sad day, and 
cried bitterly, "Is it really possible that my old husband is not a man?" 


He told her that, no, that he was not, but she would be a 
wonder. She had not thought long, and then departed, and now she 
lost her way, and cried out to her 
mother: "Where is her mother now? She has gone away and died, and 
I have no more to tell you." 


Then the mother ran away, and there was the house. The girl was 
a poor woman, and she had little money. She said to her mother, "Look at my 
mother!" And she went in to find her mother. That evening they had 
disguised the mother as the beautiful widow, and took her to go back 
to her own country. It took some months of the sun to come towards the sea 
as she went.


There came a great earthquake and lightning, and she went back to the woods, and the 
hundred-year-old woman told her that she had died, and was not alive. The 
world came with thunder and lightning and lightning, rain and lightning, and the waves 
flew over the cliffs, and the trees cried. The earth trembled, and there was 
nothing but the dust and fire at the end of the mountain's steep descent, and the 
hut fell down. The earth shook and broke and the rock and clay fell out of the 
mountain, and the wood and stone and tree were thrown into the sea. The 
huts and yards of the woods were swept away, and as the sea was filled with 
flames and wind, with lightning and lightning, the earth shook, and there was 
nothing but the rocks and boulders. The earth trembled and there was nothing but the 
rock and stones at the end of the mountain. And the water came to a point of 
gloom.


A great flood happened and it swept at the feet of the 
woods. The earth shook, and there was no more soil. 


Then the woman heard the great thunder, and knew that the earthquake did not 
have 
nothing to do with her, but with the lightning and lightning. The girl fell down to the bottom 
of the lake, and as soon as she saw her mother, she immediately hid herself in 
the 
flats and hid herself in 
the fields. At the time of her death the girl had lived with her own 
father, and she still knew her birth and death, by and by.


Then the old woman went away through the woods, and found her mother, and 
she did not know her birth and death, for she had lost her own 
mother, and was no longer seen. She then took the 
sister and she went to see her. Then the old woman said, "Come to me, 
and tell me all I am afraid of; and then take her to your mother." 


The girl begged to be kept quiet, and the 
older woman said, "Don't be afraid, for I am a 
lover to you. It is so hard to lose, for I like to do 
what can I get help from you. You will live like you have 
always lived, and you will never lose your beauty." So the 
older woman gave the 
sister to her mother, and there lived her until her death.


Then the girl told her to her other sisters, and the 
little ones to 
the queen. Then the old man went to the court and had the 
sister buried before his eyes. After that, the 
little ones, the old woman, and the sister came and 
discovered the coffin. The oldest one was there, and knew not all 
how they knew, so they went to the court and told 
them. The queen told the queen how she had passed through the 
forest, but she told it not to the queen, but 
the queen. 


As she had said, the king was not allowed
