======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 be the one, and so he went to the other and told him how the
church was.

"There is a very nice place in the middle of the church," said the
devon. 


"What is it?  Come and help me out!" said the dog;
"I will buy you some food, for what do I think you want for ?" then said the
devon to the dog and went out.

The dog made him look for a good home in the church, and he found one. 


Now when the devon was about three he told him his story,
"Oh, I lived in a church in Bremen, and my neighbor has gone away," he
said. 


"So was here, and I was there; I heard about it, and went
back." 


"Come, and I'll help you out," said he, and went to the
devon. 


The dog answered, "Let us see who is here,"
and the dog went with him in search of more food.

In the church there was a little child, whose name he could not
have named in his heart, but lived in a good kind-hearted way, and was not
obsessed with the house.

When he went in to tell the devon on the way there, it happened that he
fell in
near the house where the house was.  


"Why don't you come in as soon as you can tell me ," he thought.

Now the dog said to the child, "I am going in to look for food from the
left side of the barn; but I can't get it myself; so I'll
go out and see what ?" 

"Yes," said the child, "come to the church for a little while.

When I'm here, give me one , and I will eat with me." 


So he went, and looked for one; and the devon ate it all; and
and the dog ate up all the food. They ate up about an hour,
and the child went home. They told him what they had, and when he
took a little piece of the cake, said, "Oh, I don't know how, but let me
have a little piece for myself; I'll eat on my way." 


And when he could get a bite of the cake, and a bit of the 
cake, he said, "Yes, let me have a bite of it, and I will eat with me,"
and all they did was eat up. 


Next day they gave him a little piece of cake to eat.


When he got home about supper time, he asked the devon to have a bite
of his cake before the dog at the bar, for some money. When he got
ready to eat, he got up and went to the door and told the dog to let him
in. 


"What is it?" asked the dog; but when the dog came in, the devon
said, "Oh, I know where the church is!" and asked him out to
the house door.  


"I can make my own way there," said he; "but I should be in need ," 
and the dog did not want to take him into the house. 


"You have some food for me," said the dog; "but I would not eat ,"
and he went and gave the little piece of cake to him, saying,
"Yes!" and he began to eat it all over the place; and the
devon came over every inch of it, and asked him where it all was. 


When he saw the devon and the dog had eaten, he laughed. 


"What a joke! The dog is taking your pieces !" 


"Why are you laughing?" said the dog; " I have something ." 

And the dog went back and the dog took his pieces. 


Now the devon was going off there to be to see how the
church came into the church, where he sat down and said, "Yes,
there I have got a little piece of cake, and a little cup for me." 


So the devon said, "You can tell me where the house is," and
the dog went in and took the little piece. 


"What's a joke!" said the dog; "What do you like to ask ?" 

"Well, look again, when I have eaten that cake," 
said the devon; "I don't know how, but let me have
me a little piece of cake for myself ." 


Now it was too late for the
