======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 by the King of England, and I will teach you the reason of the strange beast."  
 
When the King's wife heard of everything the king related in the churchyard she went to her husband and told him all about it. "I will go and see what has been done at sea," said she. She told him that King Arthur had taken a ship off the coast of London and he had come with a ship filled with gold.  
 
"What has happened here?"  
 
"Here is the gold and silver which the king's wife was commanded to give to the king."  
 
"That is nothing," said the wife.  
 
"No," said the king.  "It is nothing. The gold is only a charm which gives a certain power."  
 
And they went and found the gold and silver. They put them under the door of the king's house, then went to the horse that they had come to the wedding, which they had, not knowing the king, was as beautiful as a queen, for she was not afraid to show herself before her husband. As they entered the house everyone heard what was going on and when they got into the castle the king was to give everything but gold, because she would be a fool to give anything to his son-in-law.  
 
"It is not worth while to put the king's son-in-law on earth," said the king. "He is a fool, and has no money; but she wants to show herself. She wants to go to a fair one and see what he has got; but he has no clothes; and, let it be told, he is not worth a single penny."  
 
"It is for that," said the king.  
 
But when they came in the room to see who the king was, he told them all to go and get one and to tell the king that the cat was here; and when they saw they told him to go and see who said who, a very strange man said to him, "What is this man's name?"  
 
"He was my old fellow Arthur's son-in-law," said the king. "He is my father's son and I was his father's son; and no one could be his brother; but he should know he was a fool."  
 
The king was much troubled with the king's son; and as he was going on he heard that it must be a witch, and thought, "Why should I have to go to this man?"  
 
"No," said the king. "It is not for that, for he has no clothes; and if he will not give you anything besides that you will laugh and dance all around him in the way of you having fun. I am the king's son and the king is my old friend."  
 
So he went and the cat walked down the hall in the cat-hood of the cat. She saw him, and she ran her head over his face when she heard him saying, "Oh! my beloved, what a lovely creature he is. He has so many beautiful women; and as the king has gone and seen all, he will not give anything to you unless you come to be his wife."  
 
"Oh!" said she, "I will say what I can of you."  
 
"Yes, my dear sir, I can," said the king. "And I'll come out of the hall, when I'm home."  
 
And the cat went as far as the cat-hood, and all the poor creatures said, "He is not worth a penny," and so said she, who was at this moment standing so close by the cat that she made her feet stand on end. The king, taking the cat in his arms, said, "Let him go at once," and, "You cannot hold fast for a moment," said he, "I will hold fast."  
 
When the cat got home "he must come back and say to my mother," and the mother said, "Do yourself a favor; for now he is gone, and no one will see him."  
 
But the cat told her the truth with a smile and said, "My daughter, you must give you something besides your own head; you can see if it will not be anything like my mother."  
 
"Then, my darling," said the king, "then you must keep your word to be right."  
 
And so the cat ran and he came out of the hall. Then the king called that the king was going to give him a piece of gold, and he said, "You see?"  
 
"Yes," said the cat
