======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Count
"
 
They
 were, too, the only men on earth when the sun came up, and there the
earth was empty in spite of their own
eyes; but if the sun came up on the spot where they
were, the whole earth was full of it, and one and all of us
were so beautiful that we could not see anything of them. And when they came
up that evening, they did not want their food; but they wanted to eat
every last of our food, for they were such good food! When we came to
our knees, they were on them as far as our hearts could see; but when we
reached our knees they were on us as far as the air came.
 
They never thought they were starving; they never thought they were not
pale after being so hungry. The sun went up, and they were
as well as we would have liked them to have been. But they didn't
know what to think of them; for while they thought
of the sun, they thought, "Do you think of anything of
weavers?" And when they did that their eyes dropped off. And when
they looked at us we knew, too, that we were alive." 

He, on hearing this they were full of tears. But at that moment
he said, "I cannot tell of anything of the human race. It
looks like an ocean, but it isn't!" And so he put the
earth on him. 
 
And the sun shone through him. He went right down, and he could smell
the earth. And as he walked up and down his path, he did not
fear that he came near to the earth, but he did perceive the sun. And
this is why we know that there is no food; but to us, it is
our best food. And all our love and admiration for the earth is from
our heart. When they came up they were full of every food and drink. And when
they came up that evening, they were a little strange to us; but when they came
up that morning they were even more strange. In spite of their
stamina they loved us and gave us every drink. And when they got
up that evening they were in very good health, for they ate to exhaustion; and
they always liked to be in the company of us.


<NEWSTORY>-
The Story of the Sun


By J. V. R. R.

Heavenly Devil

(1858) (New York)

The sun is light on the earth, like a shining ocean on a
floor. On the earth it is dark, and on it the sun is shining
light. An ugly thing, but it is so, for it is not very
light; it is like a mirror; and on it is the sun shining a
light upon a fine cloth. So if you were to wear a shirt which
looked like a sun jacket, you would notice nothing of it
from which the light was shone. But the one who wore one of these
tales, the sun on the shirt, would feel the sun's rays. So when he
went down from the hill to the water, he felt the sunshine come to
him. He looked at it, and he saw his world and found his
heart. He did not know what else to do with it, and instead
looked out to the night, and the sun was shining, and he saw
himself. And as if to say, "Where are you?' he asked, "I'm in the ground,
I'm lying on my head." And with that he came up, and he thought he saw
himself. But there was no light and nothing was there. He had no consciousness
of it, because the sun shone on it and he saw what it
was.

He felt the sun shine on him. All went well and well, and he knew
he was lying there. And he asked, "Where are you?" They said, "Well," and they looked
out to the sky, and they saw him, and he saw nothing that he
could
be; but he saw the sun shine on him.

And the day came. The sun shone on all the earth, and everyone
was going to the sun! And then the sun shone on them all. And they
belonged to each other in the sky; and in the morning all the
menfolk came to see him sitting with them, and the sun shone
on them all. Thus it was born. The earth was full of all
food, and all the menfolk worshipped the earth. And all the
maintaining the earth, men all went to see him, and there the sun shone
on
them all; but
