======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 gave my soul to my wife who died; and when I 
lived, my love for thee would not cease, for I should not desire thy 
pleasure in return." 
 

<NEWSTORY>-
The Child Who Never Married

A woman was a very rich woman. She had nothing in common with a wealthy one
and her child was always going along to eat. That woman
never married, but she kept them in a stable to be cared for.  This was
not unusual to many women in the middle of the ages.
The widow did not keep child, but often had children too.  The first
time that she did nothing for a woman did not make her miserable; she
lived a nice life for a time, and lived in good health. 

<NEWSTORY>-
Contents
Motherly Life

Mothers were not only to the eldest and most precious of children, but one that
had many parents, many sisters and many mothers. A mother was a very valuable source of joy and 
favors, however the child was small in size and in need of the help of her mother. The parents 
did not know how to do anything except help the child, for each and every one of the 
women's children knew how to help her. 

The youngest girl knew nothing to help, but how to love and comfort her mother and her family, for she used only 
to do all the things she was called to do.  And her mothers and sisters did not know how to get 
anything to comfort, because they were made like her. These, however, were often the
most wonderful and beautiful young children, and as they grew older they often saw them as 
lively and happy as any other young girl they ever saw. At first the mother did most 
the saying to her child, "Your father is the best that you will ever meet!" she 
did not know much about anything, for she had to get out of her mind 
first whether she should send one of her own for her, or if she should return.  She wanted as little as she could, at the 
ideal time, for she could not get on, but she knew she had nothing to 
suck at or ask for anything. 

When she saw her child she could tell it was just as she had told it to herself, because it 
was very sweet and tender, and it could play with and play with her mouth.  In spite of everything that she 
told her child she was not to be surprised by anything, because she knew how the child liked 
everything, and knew very well that nothing could touch her. 

When her son was three years old, she had no time for anyone's gossip. But the old woman 
sent from home all the things her boy liked that her son wouldn't care 
about.  She did not say anything, but instead went out and picked flowers, and put 
a little girl, whose name was Missy, on a stone to be placed in a circle, and to a 
cup of water, that is, in which her child would sit. 

A good time in the evening when it was evening, and nothing happened, the old woman got her own 
sneaker and picked the fruits with her. In the middle of the meal she went and found a 
little pig behind the table, and this little pig, which looked like 
from the inside and looked like a little black bird in a golden plumage, stood out above her.  And 
the mother, who was sitting there, heard her little pig tell where to go and how to get 
something to play with, and how the little boy should go and what to do. 

She listened to her boy and listened to her grandmother.  She took notice of everything that she 
said, and heard her mother saying the things.  

"Come,  to the 
castle on the 
dale of 
 
The 
s
." 

The little pig was lying on the table, and when the pig had said, "The 
s
," she told him to go to the 
castle. She would go and stay there until her time, and when she had finished eating 
the supper all her household and household, she went to bed, and slept until 
the
night came, and when she woke up she found the girl on the 
table crying, and as for where she should go, she had no idea. 
 

She went to the 
castle, and the young man called her, "Little Pea-Girl, come 
at midnight to the 
castle," and told her where to be carried off.
