======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 in a day or something like that."


The little boy laughed and said, "But you know that little bird lives in the tree. It is
pretty, and it has a golden nose."


The little boy then said, "Then you may go away. It is my home. I will get
a good supper out of it. I am going to go down to the church to church at
morning and see what is going on, and I will see if a little bird does that."


The little bird, at being so quick as to say, "Do you think you would have
an apple?" It then was like to go up and get the apple and see how it was
done. The little boy laughed and said, "But come all these years, you are making
me laugh. How will I know you know that? I did you a lot of good before you came back
for your dinner?"


The little boy said, "Well, I am afraid, and you should tell a little creature out for
the goose."


The little bird, being so clever as a dove, said, "Oh, let me go and go back to the
church. How will you know that, if you come home, but my goose has come back
again after that?"


"Well, there you have it. Now go, run, run, for if we could make a little
couple of birds out of it, the feathers would never fall down on us. Come home tomorrow and
make an apple. Don't let anybody come over and eat it, and just go and buy a loaf, and
get hold of to the little one with the apple, and leave it in the basket, and say, 'No, that is
what I want to do, I will put it in the apple and make it up, and I will put the rest in the
pebble, and you do come home and take it home like that.' And you would have to
give me a goose, you don't you do? I've got it."


The little bird then said, "Go back to the church tomorrow. You must try everything
and see what I'm doing next, because I don't know what you have done. I'm not about
being sorry about it, and if you have done what I did, my goose wouldn't do
it, but if you do it, you should tell yourself it's not a big deal to give
a goose to me to put in it. I'm the one who bought it, and I'm the one who is going
to eat it, and if this good goose comes back and you let it go, you'll take it with you.
In that way I'd go along to church every day and see what is going in the
peasant's cart."


The little goose then said, "Go back to the church tomorrow. I can see what is going
with it, and I'll give you a goose, and you can take it up to the church and bring it
back, and the little goose will just fly into me, and I'll put it in the apple, and it will just fly
to me," and she flew into him and ate up all his money on the goose.


The little boy said, "Now get some of the bread from the church and go and
and buy what I'm eating; give me some of the apple, and I'll give you the goose, and
if it's good, I'll give you some of the apples, and the goose will fly with you, and I'll give
you the goose and the apple, and you'll go up to church every morning and watch all the
things. And you'll have to take the apples away."


The little boy went down in the church yard to get some bread and go to church and see
what was going around. So he went back and told the little goose, "Now, it's not
going to be here when that loaf comes. The goose will be in the basket, and I'll put
its head on the cart and say, 'Why are you taking my goose away?' And this
I can then throw into mine, and my goose won't make it; because they are so
fat, they will never give us anything," and as he was throwing he felt
the cart and cart's weight, and at the cart she was still holding the goose, and
she got hold of it and said, "Oh, the goose won't eat you, because you
got hold of the goose, and they're fat, and they will never give
you anything; you have got to give it to me first, and I'll take it with
you; then you can go away and make your own merry
night or whatever, and you can make some money if you let me," and
she ran
