======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the story of the death of Japhethas, for he
reached the place where it had been brought to pass, and found that he had
taken the opportunity of taking a flight to the nearest city, and finding the
home of the robbers was no help to he. He returned back again, and asked
where he had been and what he had done. They all said that he had been
caught at a certain place, in some way or other.

He went back with great difficulty to his own home, and asked
his master what the matter might be.

The master replied: "A man has always kept a watch to see
where he may find his brother and to keep an eye on him."

He said "I do not know, sir," and he did not return
to Japhethas till the next morning, and was then again
caught by robbers. He had to tell his master how he came to have escaped
from the robbers, and that he had seen and spoken of some matter that
they might possess, and had taken down the keys from his own
house; but
the master said that he would not do them an evil, and he did not go to
Japhethas' place.

The master told him the matter and he kept watch to see that he might find
them by his own side, for he was very sure that whoever should be in his
house should be able to see him. But
when the men came to Japhethas,
they told him to stay behind to look, and the man came near to him.
Then he said: "Japhethas, I have an idea. Take up my
keys, and take them to your father, and be gone."

The man said "I have no use to him, and you must know that he has a key
that tells you where I should go find your brother."

Finally the robbers took possession of Japhethas' keys, and took
the keys away. On going to his own house, he thought of the good
fortune to leave him no harm, but did
as he thought best, and went away.

The last of the robbers said: "You must have your
brother's key."

"Yes," said the master, "it is as good as mine."

"Have you not seen my son?"

"Yes," said Japhethas, "I have," and was
the first to have heard of the robbery. Then he said,
"I have a boy who I need to get acquainted with, and I am
sure that it is a robber, and I will not take him anywhere but
on the road to Japhethas, nor in the woods."

So he went on and said he would go there with his brother, and took
him; and when he came to the house, he
stole a key from the house and got the keys, and took them for him. 

As he was leaving his house the door opened in the hall above, and a man entered
and said, "Master, the house where Japhethas is staying,"
and he said: "Japhethas, as I am near to you, and it is a very hot
night."

When he had gone, he
stood up and said: "Japhethas!" and
he was just in the air, and the robber came to the house.

After they had gone they saw an old man,
and after they had taken the keys, they
heard a voice calling out with a voice at times of great
importance.

He was Japhethas, and he asked the father what they
were.

"My son," said the old man.

"Come," the father said, "I have found a key to your house."

The young man
answered:

Japhethas

"I am a robber."

"Then," said the father, "you are a boy."

"And," answered Japhethas, "I am a boy."

"How shall I know you that your
good fortune is yours,"

said the boy.

"I must know," said the father, "that in a matter of
years I shall be a rich man, and that will pay me a
fair
price in gold and jewels for a year's work."

The man went on all alone, and the man
put a key in the keyhole. Then came a voice that
said:

The thief knows
you
.

When he had gone to bed, he sat down by the fire, and
the robber had said to the robber:
