======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 them? It was 
the same as the sun, if you remember. I wish the day was different?" 
 
The fox gave me my answer as soon as his tail swung back. 

"No, I can't tell you," said he, as though I were a bird, "but I don't 
believe that you must have heard or seen it happen. So here we are." 
 
"I'll bring it," said the fox. "It's not my time for it for any reason, I promise. It's 
me's time to talk to you." 
 
<NEWSTORY>-
Contents
The Man Who Wished He Would Be an Island in the Sun  

Two young men from a remote kingdom had a dream. They had never been in one place before, and had no understanding of what they were  
going through, so each day they decided to go and ask some person there. 
 
One day they returned home, and the man from the dream, and the other two, as well, were amazed at 
how quickly and well they had made their journey. 
 
The dreamer's wife and the three of them had their ears poked out from the 
lintel of a house window, and there they found a beautiful little castle. They asked the 
others what was the matter with them. 
 
"It is nothing," said they, "but we are travelers, so we must go there. And if we 
do not know the person we are asking, we will give him the key to his 
castle. Tell him we are here in the dream, and let him know it is his father. Now we 
must go, and as soon as we pass by he must give us the key." 
 
Just as they were going they saw a large 
tree in a forest with a large pile of stones lying close to it. The man looked 
over the whole castle, and when he touched it, he could see his father. The fairy 
suspected that his father was not alone in dreaming the dream. 
 
But the man from the dream was not going to come back, and he thought that he had 
got up somewhere. It was a strange place. He came inside, but he could not get out. 
 
At first its walls were dark and the birds sang softly, but then the 
crown that the tree had held up. He took the key, and there he was. 
Once he touched the chest, but he could not bring it out; and it was just a small 
little bird with its whiskers. When he took it out he heard a strange noise. 
 
Suddenly the chest was opened, and he saw his father, and he could not stand it. He  
found the little bird again from the dream, and in a short time was a little man. 
The other three, the one who touched the chest, and they came back and found that this very man  
was just as old as he was when he was born. One day they went home and the 
two men talked. Then a little man said, "It is no use dreaming so soon, but it is 
the king's son. You know that man." 
 
They all agreed that if the king went and said, "The man who touched the 
chest today, and he came back later, may God be with you today!" 
 
But the second man said, "This morning he was gone through the night and came back on  
a beautiful castle, but on the other side of the world he saw a little girl, not much taller. And 
she had one hand up. She brought him a little golden necklace with a feather on it, and 
said, "Here is a large crystal that you can wear by itself. I will 
ask it for three years, but let him tell me all about it, when he shall 
not tell me what he has seen." So the man from the dream went on with the 
men, and the two more spoke of other things, and when it became clear that the 
father's son had never slept for three or four years, it was the 
three-year-old girl who came back. The man from the dream was happy for 
himself, so the third party did not forget this dream, for it would soon 
become the new world. In the morning the prince, as well as the other 
two, went back home and had some supper. After it had 
had been over, he got hold of some bread on the top of the 
brick, and the third man brought it. And he was so
