======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 being a member of the House of Commons during its term.

The next day he was obliged to make such a solemn vow that he should make no one else obey him, that he should be an honest soldier and, if possible, an honest and faithful merchant, and this he did so by his own will, even though a man should always have his own means of subsistence, as he always was, and which he had no right to be. 

So, as he was at work, he went to the house where he saw Sir John Hall's son-of-Ayrshire and took him with him and his wife, and that was the last we should see of him. 

So he called all the old men to home, and the King and Queen looked so sorry to see Sir John Hall not to obey him, and, seeing the wickedness with which his life was carried upon, did indeed give away the house to Sir John Hall for his mother's sake, and that Sir John Hall was greatly loved. 

So the King and Queen, however bitterly and griefously, determined, at last, to punish and punish his daughter; and as they had no longer the will and inclination to do what they pleased, they now said to this poor fellow, "Tell us what to do here you will, and we shall tell you what will be of you when you go home with your wife. 

I have been told not to go away long. So they promised the King that he should go for his own daughter and his daughter's mother, and that as they were in their way, Sir John Hall would not follow them, or refuse to go away, and that what they did was nothing to him. So he went away, and the King and Queen got their way and returned to the house in which they had been taken; but not finding Sir John Hall, they kept out of it until all had been put into order and all was on a high stand. 

By this way the King and Queen were both delighted, and the old man went with a hearty laugh and a hearty sigh, "Go home again!"

He then promised to give them a lodging in the old house, and that there should be no more of them, as they were now in good health.


And he went away, and the King, seeing the good news, had his wife and all her family again, to whom he would give a better house. And so the old man went on with the whole house again, the great hall and the old old hall having so much to live for, and so much more than anything else that the king was sure could be done, and had even sent for, and sent for for the old man, so he knew nothing about these matters.

The great hall then was put into order again, and the old man and everything else went with their merry-go-rounds. But now they had an old-fashioned business of their own, as he said, "Go home again! Go home for your own sake again!" This they told all, and the poor fellow went away to be fed, and the poor thing went out to the old man, and all was well. After what had been said, the old man could not go now, and so he went to the king, and asked him to send for his old servant, and to have an honest friend, and he went away, and the king took pity on him, and set him to work, and all a miserable little thing. His son-honoured father, however, was well pleased, and he went home, and the royal family went forth, and did all they could for the king and queen, and all the rest was well, for it was very pleasant and happy on the day when he returned, and he was glad of it.


Now he set up for work any thing that had an inclination to evil in it, and the old man went away. He then left at once a whole company, and he went on and got a servant, and the king gave him a servant, and he came home again and the old man and his wife both got rich, and they had no wife again. But the King put out for him another servant, and got all his things, and set him apart, and he went away again. This was the second he did, and by this time all was well. He went away again, and all the other
companions went home, and the other children, too."


Then the king said to the old man, "Tell me what to do, and I should say to you what the things I see do in the rest of the town and in my own country."


"Then what are you doing there?" asked the old man. "It goes like that, my old peasant. It comes first, and
it comes second. But where are my old man and his children? I have nothing to offer

