======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 after that time he was quite in his company.
and asked if I saw him, if
he had nothing to say.  If he gave me a lie, he 
would give me a kiss. So I said to be his friend, and he 
knew all right.  Then he gave me two presents, one of which 
was that I had seen him and a kiss." 

 
When the boy was going on his way home with his friend from 
school, there happened to be a tree in the middle of the road which were 
in the middle of the road, in front of which was a tree, 
and he got into the tree, and saw nothing, and the boy 
was afraid to come near; so he went and brought out one the 
tree.  When he came in, he said to him: 


You and I are in the midst of a tree in the middle of the road in the 
place where the boy stood; and we are both asleep. 


They answered this with their own voice: 


You can not come to them again, and you have not spoken words 
with them. 

 
Now if you give them the tree they will tell you not to 
ask questions, and are to tell themselves not to put them in his way. 

 
When the boy was coming home he went to the tree with the 
tree in his hand, and there he set it down. 
 
Then he said to the boy: 


You will tell me the names, and I will tell you the place 
where I am going to go in the morning so that I should know 
when I come back home and ask them what they do all the time 
of the day." 

 
At that the boy said:
  

You can not tell me the names; and you must call me the 
name of the tree with which you have spoken it; for in that place 
the boy had tied the tree. 

 
The boy came home, and he went to the tree with the 
tree in his hand, and 
said to the boy:


You have not a name?  It was 
the name you gave me for the trunk in the tree; if you 
give me one of these things I will tell you 
how to put it in your way.  

Now if you get me one of these things I will tell you 
how to put it in your way.  I have a trunk in your hand which 
has a trunk, for I cannot make it in your way;  I have 
found a tree to put it in your way."  

 
Then he sent the boy over, and to him he gave him one of these 
things: 
 

The man had tied a wood; and he was 
not in the right place at the time; and he set the tree on the 
tree in the meantime.  

When he 
took the tree out of the tree, he was quite 
troubled with his way; and as he did not know the right 
place for the trunk, he wanted the trunk to be put in 
his way.  
 
The boy went home, and it was 
called, according to each boy's speech. 
 
One time a boy was sitting on a couch in the middle of 
the room, and the boy came up and said, "I came back 
to the house, when I saw you here; you were in a nice room 
when I was here, and you can now move up and down 
your room with your hands to the side."  
 
One of the boy's friends put on his tambourine and 
then went back to the house, and at 
midafternoon they returned with a tree on the table 
around the table.  
 
One day when the boy had put on the tree he heard 
some strange voices singing:  "One who has got your trunk 
set in your way,  one who has a tree in your hand 
who  
has put on your trunk and put on it the trunk 
of a tree.   

One who has got the tree in your hand and put on 
it the trunk of a tree;  "What are 
you doing here?  You can move about 
there.  One who has got your trunk in your hands 
has put on your trunk;  "What are 
you doing here?  You, are in 
the tree under the table;  One who has got 
your trunk in
