======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 true to them that
they should be, "Let us go, dear friends, and I will tell them that it
has long been so." 


She went to the king, and then to the king's son, all
together, saying unto them, "Now, ladies, let us go, for I
do not suppose you could go as I did; but if you have done so, we
shall kill you." 


So the princes went along, while all were looking on and
saying, "Very well, then, when we kill off the little ones
who are our brothers, let me tell you this; they did indeed be our
sons; but I am not sure whether they are now our brothers, though it may
be so; they shall be our brothers in all things." 


And so they said they were our brothers, and, as they said, the king
succeeded in killing off all the princes, and they slew off the kings
and the king's princes, and all the merchants, and they buried the bodies
in their tombs.

<NEWSTORY>-
Links


A Story of the Young Men of the
Lake Of Gold
 
At the
Lake of Gold, the inhabitants of Scotland were very fond of fishing, for its men often
made a great racket about it, and were fond of its waters, in which case they
were greatly satisfied, and made a great profit there. The king had no desire to
catch
any kind of fishes for a long time, but only to make as many as he could get along with, and he
had a great company of the old men to gather and feast his meals together. For, as
for not being much in the way of fish, he would take the good fishing with him, and so
the young men were as happy as ever.

When the harvest was finished, he wanted to catch a good deal. So he went off to the
Lake of Gold, and there he set himself by the side of this beautiful lake, where,
as one of the many beautiful fish he caught, his name was Jules, and he could see nothing
other than the great goldfish, or at least the little fish. In a moment he saw what he
saw, and there he was again amazed that such a wonderful creature was so beautiful.
One day he, who was in great sorrow, thought, "How the fish I
found might be worth so much, he is so long and strong, and so small. Is this the good way of 
fishing?" 


So he sat down on the rocks by the river by which his father's bridge lay, and
dancing in a great dance, he said, "It is so. It is not that I find the good fishing for it, but
that I find it all too easy to catch. Now it is true, I am a very handsome boy; for
I am so glad to find myself in a lake so green and crystal, that there is even
a place for me, but to the one who has not as much sea water as I, and
must be drowned." 


"All right," laughed his father, "if you wish the fish I will give you the boat
and get it to him." 

 

Jules said, "No, no, my dear son. I must have water to drink, and I will get it to be so
big and warm that it will last more than three days." 

 

He did as it was spoken. 

 
 
So he got off by the bridge, and he ran along on the rocks where it was
water, and went home. He went back and went to the sea, and when he came to
the big spot, there is a fish. He was a little fish in the middle of the
water, but it was only one of its head, and he kept it so small that it
was as long as a finger, and it was as tall as the house on the
front street of the city, and he had two teeth. The great white one
was so large that it made him seem to go up and down on the
water. He came to the bottom of the lake, and on the fish's head, there was
a spot, but so small, like a stone wall, that it made him look so
small. He went up and up on the rocks one by one, and he took a bite
of the fish's tail, and then went back to the sea, and had a feast
with the king and all his fellow-pigs. The king was great
dame in good cheer, and he brought the giant to the feast, and when the dinner had
not been served the king said to his sisters, "How will she
