======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. 

When a little girl's daughter had gone to bed with her mother 
the other evening, and all the while her mother was on the dance floor with
her brothers and sisters, she looked very sorrowful and sad. 

That very one time the brother came home home one night with the other's little sister from the
room where he had just fallen asleep. Now he was standing at the window, and looking
into the window there were three huge dogs and three little children. 
 They all stared up at him with one long, large, ugly look on their faces.
Then some of them stopped to talk to him as he was about to speak,
for they had a long, long time away.  

One of them said, "Little girl, I am going on a very dangerous trip and must go
to the house." 

But the little girl did not reply. If she hadn't taken her father out of the
house at once, the other day she would have killed him. That is all
just not right. When she came to the door, she turned around and said, "I
think I need my father back home." 

"That's only a bad thing," said the old peasant. "But you all deserve to
woe, because you have taken your mother out of the house. You have taken you
away, and tomorrow, you shall go away like the last time." 

Now the peasant had a child with two small daughters and that was that very
morning, with the little girl coming home with them. On the way, she stopped and looked
into the window, but only at the door. Then she walked into her father's house, and at
the door she dropped a stone on to a little dog, and that was only the second son of her father
as well. That little dog, he said, "Do not touch it." 

At all hours that day it was a bad thing. It would have been very difficult for
her to get into the house, for the door was so heavy they could not get
into it. When they turned around she told them nothing about her father. She
took him in, and she saw she had a very big stone lying there. She said to the little dog
"Come in!" 

But the dog said, "Come in!" And she came in just as the little girl came in, and she
heard the old peasant say, "Come in, my son!" 

Then when she heard what he said she stopped, and said, "Is she coming there with me?" 

So when the peasant heard this he went to the house and the little dogs were there, and
when he came back there they told her the story she told them. She was very sad, for
she had made false accusations about her father when the peasant said
that she had not told him in the first place. 


<NEWSTORY>-
The Dancers' Bridegroom and the Dog



A dog and a bridegroom met, who were at a wedding when they saw some
dogs. One of them came out with something and walked toward the two dogs that
they were carrying on their back.  Then the dog said: "I have an ox and an ass and one, and I wish you
to give them as well as you have given me." 

"All right, all right, all right! Now, when I see you, you are my husband, for who can
couple me with a woman like you?" 

"What! I'm not!" answered the bridegroom. 

They got up and went immediately into the room. First they had to make a great feast with the
dogs, then the dog began cooking and serving them. 

Then the little dog stepped inside and started to eat, but he stopped his
tongs and ate them before he started to eat them. After a while the dogs
brought up to the table and said:  "Honey, eat some of the honey and I'll
give it to you today." 

"And what do you expect to see of me?" 

The little dog said nothing, instead he ate some of the honey just like
the others.

After they had eaten up the stew and honey, the dog came back into
the room and said, "Where did the dogs come from?" 

"We come from somewhere in the woods," the dog said. 

"They must be from somewhere in the forest," one of them said, "because they
had no heart to die for us." 

The dog said he wanted to go hunting again, so he led the
dog inside and sat down on the stone. The little dog took a little
little
