======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 
 
"He is of no use," he began. "I must have my way with him." 
 
But, no, he went with her, he thought, "A-ha! I can't have it all. 
 
"Yes," she said, "you must have a good laugh first!" 
 
"Oh! yes, if I'm not mistaken," she said, "I am of no use." 
 
The boy was rather pleased with her; for, after everything had been done, he went over to 
the tree which stood before, "Ah! the tree of paradise!" 
 
"I see it too!" he repeated. "I see it too! It's more beautiful there than at 
the bottom of the earth. Now sit down and sleep, my dear!" 
 
But his old friends were not pleased, and said to him, "Don't go so easily with us, children!" 
 
"It would be a good joke, of course!" cried the boy, "but at 
the very least, I must be prepared for the danger I can face!" 
 
And, as he went on, the boy took a deep breath, and said, "Oh, yes, my dear boy, I 
wished to take my chance. I never said a word until he told me that he had a 
dead man's skull." 
 
With that the old man sat down by the side of the tree and fell asleep, and 
his wife lay asleep as well, beside the tree, and his children were there, as 
an added surprise to all. 


<NEWSTORY>-
Pisces and a Cat

There was once a little dog and a cat, in a large hut near the edge of a pond, 
saying to their shepherd she had to run in and catch a cat. She called out, "Cat," 
for she saw a cat in the water, and said, "He is a man with a big tail. Just bring him 
into the water! Don't let him swim around like an old duck, but take him, 
take him, and I will ride on him!" 
 

"How will he swim?" said the shepherd, and the little cat thought, 
"There will never be room enough for two!" 
 

Pisces said: "Oh! my sweet little cat, I wish that there would be room for one. If you don't, all 
my children will be dead. When I get the chance, I'll stay here too!" 
 

Well, she said to her mother, "Go, dear, but don't let him swim on that cat." 
 

Now there was another girl whose name was Marlene, and she said her mother, "Oh! dear Marlene!" 
 

In her mother's house she said to her, "If you don't marry me, I'll never hear of it or 
anybody who has no room for two!" 
 

And her mother said, "Oh! Marlene! go, my dear." 
 

Now there was a girl who said, "If you marry me, I'll never hear of such a thing!" 
 

She added, "If you marry me, I'll never hear of it!" 
 

Now there was a girl who said, "If I don't marry you, I'll never hear of it!" 
 

"And my little sister, if you do," she said, "you'll never hear of it!" 
 

"Ah, my little girls," said Marlene, and she stood by the window and cried: 
"How will you get into such a bed?" 
 

"I'll get into a bed, and I'll never allow you to sit in your bed!" 
 

<NEWSTORY>-
The Three Sisters

This story was told in the 
 
Story of a sister who, when she
 
baptized
, became very sick. She was called the
herd of the house. 




<NEWSTORY>-
The Two Sisters

The sister of the house
had a child
,
and she
had many children that she
had in the
house. 


<NEWSTORY>-
How a Little Girl Was 
Abrided

Once upon a time a girl was 
and a little child was
one of the
mother's children. And the
daughter fell
into the water, and
one night she told 
anyone about the water, and 
the mother
