======== SAMPLE 1 ========
Oher and her mother had a son, the son of their grandmother. The boy was no doubt a fine lad, but it would not be for a time, for he knew nothing at all, except he would take it no further. 

Then he had a poor neighbor, who was a beggar with two eyes, and that neighbor had to come and take him too. The son of his grandmother was to see him for himself, and the other neighbors too; and he could do no other, because he always came back for his old home. 

And this was how he lived for the whole time, without knowing that he could not live with anyone else. But the boy did not care much about either of this; he only cared for and looked after the two other neighbors. 

His mind was of no help. He went into the house to meet the boy's mother, and to tell her about the beggar, who was a poor lad who would only eat bread from the ground. 

The mother did not think a moment, but did her part; with her arm round the children's neck, and with her right hand under the bed. 

And there, one day, the poor boy, she said, was going to tell his mother, and she was in the middle of telling it to the poor lad, who, when he thought of how to put his foot on the bed, took up the old woman's mantle and began to weep to her. And she could not keep the word, but it came as a terrible surprise to her eyes. 

Then the lad came running out. He had so many things in his pocket, and he asked one of the neighbors if he could have one. 

"I don't want to go," the woman said, and he asked, "What do you want?" 

"A loaf of bread," she said. "It will bring much," he replied. 

"It is a loaf," she said. "A little bread, if you wish. And you will get the bread once in all the three hours." 

The lad gave in, and after a while the poor woman came running out, and he said, "I want the bread." 

"It cannot be left until the bread is baked," she said, and he said, "I am not quite ready to begin." 

Then he said to her, "Come in, I will give you a loaf of bread for five hundred dinars." And he put the loaf into the oven, and she said she would bake it. And he baked the bread, and she said she would bring the bread back again, and she would eat it again. 

His mother and wife were so sad, she went as much as she could carry on her little journey in. 

So when the boy had gone on his journey he went back to the house with the bread. And he was about to go home, and when he looked down and saw her face, she had nothing on. But he looked at his grandmother, and he called to him, "What's your name?" 

"Father," he said, "how are you doing?" 

She looked him in the face, and he said, "I'm going home with the bread." 

"It's in good hands!" he said, and they agreed to hear him. 

So the poor man went back, but was not again to see her. And he went home with the bread and the little bread. Then he called to his wife and said to her, "What's your name?"

"Grandmother," she said, and he called her, "I won't go and see your grandmother." And he looked at her, and he asked, "Grandmother, what's your name?"

"I'm taking my way out," she said, and he ran out, and he went to the field, and he saw his mother, and he ran away after her, and he saw the girl. 
 
He ran to her, and he fell down with her on the ground, and she went down with him. 

His wife heard of the boy, and said to her, "Grandmother, what's your name?" 

"My grandfather," he said, "he died. And I'm going out with the bread, and I'll see him now." 

The lady saw him and said, "He can't have it, he has to get some!" 

So she ran after him, and she called to her daughter, "Grandmother, why are you running away?" 

"I'm going away," she cried. 

"That's a fine girl," he said. 

But she ran all the way home, and she ran across the village, and he followed her, till
