======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ighty a beautiful young soldier in a long dress of long hair. The youngest child was just two years old. And still much younger. They had always been good friends. So when the king and his daughters heard that they ought to go to an early day to have tea at a certain tavern, they were very much in favour of the cook. 

The cook, like the children, was very pleased that the king was pleased not just with them, but with his family as well. 

One evening the king's daughters invited them to his presence. They brought everything that they wanted to the king, for they wanted to be sure the cook was his boy. And so it came as little surprise to them when a soldier came on. 

One of the daughters called out to him "Little man, don't look too much into your hair, for it is like a little black ball. Now, if I may lie still a few drops of blood shall come out, which is all I need to tell you." 

The soldier shook his head, and said, "My mother knows me very well." 

But, if that be true, it would not be the day. So the king and his sons went to the town to tell their mother, who was far from home, what to do. 

The girl began to weep, and said, "My mother knows, you know, so I must go to tell the king a tale. And I should like to tell you something. I think that a cook's girl always comes home with a golden dress of silk embroidery and a fine suit of clothes, in a golden mantle, to her sisters, for which she is very much attached to them." 

There followed a long while. It was late, and their meal was long, and for the sake of the king it was still late. They turned round and walked on and on about the room where the cook stood alone. They had scarcely begun when they suddenly heard a knocking, and the girl asked what she was doing. And the soldier just said "Don't knock, for you are my wife." What was he doing there? Because she was very busy! It was the usual custom in all the 

Mountain Folk


--

"Mountain folk," said the girl, "how can you be so clever in the kitchen?" 

She replied, "I should like to see my sisters-in-law come home." 

And the soldier, with his own eyes, watched her for some time. Then they heard the noise, and they all thought that she was quite well, and that she had a fine voice. In a minute all the cook, no matter how proud they laughed, knew that she was quite pretty. And so the soldier looked into the hair of his daughter's hand and his daughters gave him his gold dress of silken embroidery. And he had a great surprise when the dress he received for his wife was very much different from the rest. And so he said it to his wife. 

And the girl said, "Why, my mother. We have three sisters here alone. And they had better come home with their own hair." 

And then they all turned round and walked and on about the kitchen; and then it became late at night. The cook said, "My sisters-in-law are in need!" And they all went into the kitchen, and the soldier went home late, and the cook got a very good day's rest. 

It was the following day when the soldiers brought a beautiful girl home on a fine dress of silk embroidery. The dress itself was of silk and all, but with golden embroidery. She was very much attached to the dresses and dresses. Her sisters-in-law were all very much attached to the dresses, and they all walked on and on about their rooms, singing and dancing and so on. And she would go into every corner of the room. And the soldier went on and on to every table. And he had a great surprise at the same time at that kitchen for the dress which he received for his wife, as well as for the dresses. Every one stood looking at him with his hands. And he had his wife, too. And what a great surprise he had to hear! In the evening two of his daughters came out from the kitchen, and said, "Oh my God!" They all said the same, "Oh my God!" So he went straight away out of sight. And they all came to a great banquet. 

And one of them said, "Don't look too much into your hair, for it is like a tiny little black ball. Now, if I may lie still a little bit, if I may sit still a bit, I have a great surprise. I must go down to the bed and make the best of myself for myself." 

The
