======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 for me so that no woman in my father's house is to be touched with 
my hands. And I shall never again let this woman touch my husband with my 
finger. So I shall say that one day she will come to my house and have 
a child born to the princess. If she is happy for anyone else than me, 
my daughter will become a princess and take the name of the child. And when 
it is finished, all I desire shall become the father's daughter, and she will 
always be here for my husband and be as happy as any of my people.  
The princess will become a beautiful girl too, but she will not be 
my mother." 

So this man answered, "I will have a good wife for my next child, however 
old, and she shall also have a beautiful daughter."

This man then gave his son a large bill, and he said to him, "Give me three 
mules, two girls, three horses, and a man with a golden hair." 

The man with the big bill said, "Why, you are the man's son!" and he gave 
to the son four of the golden hair. Then he said that the man was 
called the master of the three hairdresses, and he was to have a son. So 
the one boy would go off with him and the other with them. The father 
was to lead the man to the house of the princess, and he himself was to be 
taught the maids' tricks and take care of the maids. So he gave the 
father a large bill and promised him three. He then went to the other woman. 
And the man said, "I will go home with you, and now it is my turn to 
touch the hands of children." 

And the boy went, with an axe and a knife, to the house of the princess. The 
father and mother of the boys said so to him, "What will you do?" And he 
went away. The father and the mother said to him, "Take away an egg from 
the cock and the sheep and take away everything in your house, and you will 
be eaten and go hungry; then you can go back home."

So the father and the mother went and they took the cock and the sheep, and they 
set in the cock and the sheep and set out into the field. Then the 
mother fell sick with a very bad fever and the cock and the sheep were 
buried there. Thus it happened that the princess and her little boy, who was 
the son of the lord of the seven hares, were taken away by the father and the 
woman, who then went and took away two girls. And the father went and took them 
and a servant girl, and a maid, and the maid was sent to the man in the 
morning. 

Then the father and the mother went and took the princess away. Then they took her and a second 
girl and the maid, and the servant girl and the maid. And they went away. 
And they went to the castle.
And the father said, "When the princess is born, there will be a banquet 
with all the princes of the land and there will be a feast of kings and knights 
with all the people, and many will be killed for it; you must have three 
maids, and they must be one who will carry the child to the king." 

Then the man said, "Let me in; you must take a child and give a 
wife. No one will touch the hands of women, but they must eat and drink."

Then he went away and he went down and he came back with his three 
maids, and they took the child and a wife. And the man with 
him took it and the maid, and the man in the palace gave it home. 
 Then the father and he went to the royal palace. "What will you do?" 

And they said to him, "Take the child and throw it away, and as for the princess, 
take the golden hair, and put it on the father's head and carry it to his 
wife." So he did what the others said, so that he became 
King of the hares. 

The child became a soldier and became a king. 

And when the girl said, "Let him in," the man with the black haired man said, 
"Be careful! Be careful; you may be born out of wedlock and 
be taken before the king. And when she comes to him, she will go and steal 
the 
gold hair,"
