======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 I'll keep my tongue hanging about the 
house and not get anyone to eat me." 
 
After this the pig passed the time of the feast and had an endowments 
set aside for herself. 
 
When she got to the end of it, the pig said, "What will you give 
me? The best clothes, the most beautiful animals and all I'll give you." 
 
After that the goodwife said, "If the old woman isn't angry, give the horse a 
whack." 
 
The pig went off, but before she left her house the old woman said, 
"The horse is so strong now, don't you like the shoes." 
 
The goodwife gave her a second opportunity and gave three shoes as a reward. 
 
When the horse heard this, he was in great pain and was so frightened that he 
knew exactly what to do with the three shoes. He rushed to the door to 
see what was happening. He was able to escape and found the door was 
on fire. He threw the three shoes into the little pool of fire, and 
he said, "You are such a fool!" And he rushed to the window to see what 
was happening. Then he knocked the door down and threw the four 
sticks of wood in the fire, and said, "What! You see nothing? The door is 
burned!" 
 
The poor horse then said, "I have been so frightened!" 
 
Then the goodwife gave him the keys for his horse and tied them up, and he 
had to leave the house and went to the woods nearby. 
 
Once he found the horses at the bottom of the stream of water, and had to leave. 
 
After that the goodwife said, "If the horse is angry, give her the shoes!" 
 
 
Then the next 
time a man came to the house of the pig, his horse began to beat the pig 
and asked, "When are you going to call for work?" 
 
"Oh, I'm not going to do that!" 
 
"What will you give the 
horse?" 
 
"Nothing!" 
 
Then the goodwife said, "If you are all ready, he will come and eat you. 
When he wants to go away, tell him to sit by the fire." 
 
Then the pig was quiet and took the leather-bound book and the leather-wrapped 
sword he had with him, and the sword became his own. 
 
When he went to the next 
company, his head was cut off, and the leather-bound books became his own. 
When he went to the dog, its tail was cut, and the leather-bound book became 
his own. This time the goodwife asked, "What will you give 
the dog?" 
 
 
Then the dog said, "Nothing! I will eat you!" 
 
Then the third time the goodwife said, "I will not eat you. You will have to 
talk, and if he doesn't come, then tell the wife and give her something more good 
things." 
 
After that the dog said, "Let her kill him, and then they will give nothing to him except 
for this leather-bound book, that 
the horse and her two bestthings." 
 
Then the wolf replied, "Let me come in, and we will talk together." 
 
The dogs waited, and the goodwife said, "If you don't come, then only tell her." 
 
Then the wolf went in, and the goodwife said no more, 
"I will eat her, and I'll have some food for you." 
 
The day after they had talked there, the wolf went to the old woman's 
house to kill the old wolf. After going through the 
door she came to the window where a goodwife was standing outside and 
looking in, she saw the ugly wolf coming out the front door, 
whisking and squeaking away, 
"I'm here! This wolf is here," she said. 
 
 
When the wolf saw this she was in great trouble. He was so angry that 
the wolf could not get out of the door and put him in the 
chamber. But when she had asked her what was wrong, the wolf 
told her, 
"Let me have some food for you," and she gave him 
just two pieces of bread and then she said, 
"Tell your dog that it looks very
