======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 place. There, I should rather
not have them to stay at home

than to be alone here and not to see them,

Because they are the reason of all evil

and they are necessary for God's purposes.


<NEWSTORY>-
The Child in the Water

There were once a town in the middle of a great lake where there was a great great many people that resided, and there were there people who wanted to go to go to have a child. And there were people that liked to dress themselves in green robes and go to their villages for their children. And there were people that wanted to marry, to have children, to have children, to have an heir, to have children, to have an heir, and so on; there were people who thought that they could not get married, because they could get no children. At last when they thought that God had taken away their children, they thought that they could get no children, and thought that they could get as little as they may desire. So the old man took their children to him, and told them what they needed. When the children took the children to him, he commanded that no one should go to the water, and there should be no water beneath anything, and he took all the children and gave them to them, and took up a great heap of gold, and put it out in a wide place where men might dig a hole. So he sat down and went to the water, and took the children up above the well, and made a great dig and dug until he had found some gold. He had nothing to eat, and sat down again in the gold, because he knew that he had not lost anything. Then he made a bowl out of it, and put the children up by the pool; and with his gold he placed them in a sack and laid them out on the gold, and took them out into the water and put them into his garden. And after him there lived a young couple who had all the children in a nice house.


<NEWSTORY>-
How the Old Man Who Lost a Wife Lived 

On a good day a rich man, who had always had enough money to live on, died, and his wife died too. 
 His old wife, her sons, her children, and their stepmother disappeared, but the father's daughter stayed in a hut where there was little to eat. 
 
So the old man said to her, "I will go and look about for a child with a smile again." 
 
"Who would come to find a child with a smile?" said the wife. 
 
"I will go, old man. We will see if the child will be a boy." 
 
The old man said, "What is child to you?" 
 
"I will ask you, mother, what makes you think the boy to be a boy?" 
 
"I don't know," answered the son, " but I will take him to see if he will be a boy. The boy will lie down on the bottom of the earth, and I will make a little nest of him there." 
 
"Oh, mother! If only I could make a nest yourself there would be room." 
 
"Mother, come out into the garden. Look about for a seed, and if you can you will find it." 
 
She came out into the garden, and took a little toad and put it out, and laid a place there for a child, and when he looked about the garden he saw a little boy, and they had a child. "O baby! O wee one! O wee one!" cried the mother with some crying while the boy and his father went out into the garden. But when they came to the middle of the garden, they saw that there was a little boy, holding a bundle of gold in his hand, and then he said, "How would you like to have a child with all that gold?" 
 
"No," answered the boy. 
 
"I will give it to you, if you can give it to an old man you can, but I still cannot." 
 
The old man said, "I have no son. I will take him to your village, and have him to look around for a child again." 
 
"Do you know what child?" 
 
"Yes, I do." 
 
"Will you give a little boy to me?" 
 
"I will give him to you." 
 
So the boy went out into the garden and looked about the garden, and he saw a little girl, who sat in the grass, and she gave him some food, and he took her and put her in the basket and threw the basket over herself to give to her child, and
