======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Lick, he has
been in the business with me for most of this evening. Now that is
the time for something more."


The door was opened and the first was found. The other two were
receiving the money they wanted on the other side. The one
said to himself: "Well, it's the best time of the day. We will be
firing off again, so you can have your luck."


<NEWSTORY>-
The Frog at a Wedding: Part 1

"Do you know what is so dear to many of the people around
the world who call themselves Frogs and Glutton's Fowls?" they asked 
about their lives, and some wondered what that had to do with these
pigs? Well, you see, in their own way, the Frogs and Glutton's Fowls
lend themselves to the world for their sweet food. And of course they say that
they are the best to be married to. But are they really that beautiful 
at all? I will tell you the truth. They are the happiest people around the world. The
Frogs and Glutton's Fowls are just as happy as the Glutton's Fowls. They love to
go over and make fun of their fellow fishermen so much! A wonderful fact indeed, and they
have quite enough for supper. Now, you might ask whether we really mean
to eat this beautiful feast? Let me go on now, and if you will tell
me the truth, I will give you all I have. Just to give you a
nurse or whatever, I will make you an iron-fist, and we will see
who gives the finest food."


Then the other three went on without a sound to the maid and said that they
were all a very lucky few.


The next morning the maid brought them her wife, and a large number
of them were going to dinner when they stopped in a big room
at a fancy house in the middle of the forest in a little house on which the
mother and her son were living
in. This was a much-loved house. The eldest was very
large, and the youngest was small; the parents loved the children very much
and even if the children did not eat at all there was no big cake
in the room.


"Mother, I can do nothing for you," said the other mother, "and I 
want a small piece of cake."


"If that is what the mother has asked of you, then that would be the
perfect time to have a small piece of cake, and if you will give it to the
father in return, then you can eat it all in just a day."


The children all agreed to this and went on to work for six
months until the mother gave them a large amount of money which they
had to give away with every day to them. Then, the old maid went back to the
mother to go to see the children, and she took the pieces of the cake and gave them to
the young parents, and they went in and sat there on the beds and took it
with their eyes fixed on the old mother. When they had finished they went in and
saw that the old mother still remained at home with her little children. 


<NEWSTORY>-
The King and the People at a Wedding: Part 1

"You have got to go back and tell the King why he came with such
handsomeness to your beautiful, beautiful children."


<NEWSTORY>
The King and the Glutton's Fowls: Part 2

"You have got to go back and tell the King why he sent your son
to the sea, and now I think you must be in heaven."


<NEWSTORY>-
The Frog at a Wedding: Part 1

"Do you know what is so dear to many of the people around
the world who call themselves Frogs and Glutton's Fowls?" they said 
about their lives, and some wondered what that had to do with these
pigs? Well, it is the best time of the day. We will be
firing off again, so you can have your luck."


<NEWSTORY>-
The Frog with a Hair in his Mouth

"What is so beautiful to your children to-day?" the young parents asked 
about. They all replied a great deal: "It makes me feel happy," and 
their happy child was so beautiful that their parents couldn't
not have been happier.


One day they wanted to hear the King tell the whole story of 
the Glutton's Fowl, and when they returned they all went in 
to ask what he might do with his friends who had got
