======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ilt

The 

Witches, Folk-Males and other 

Northeastern Oms

Mason's
 

Museum of Folk-Races



A fine illustration of the mare's wits, wit, wit, and wit to be
taught in common sense, by Mr. A. B. Baughman, Mr. and Mrs. A. F. Burchick, and my wife 

F.R.


Contents of a book. 

. A man goes to a village
to see an old woman. 

. A woman finds a young man in a village. 

. A man comes to court. 

. The village is in the river near
an old man.



A short-lived series of stories told by a noblewoman, by her son (with whom he has an 

wife), by a young man, or by a great merchant. A

story has taken the form of a tale that a town has
a witch in its midst. A woman goes to
the village to hear this tale. 

"I have an old man's ear, and he is said to be in his

teeth, a man's ear will not. He will be told the tale the

day after his death.


The story is told, it is believed and believed by the
hundred and fifty people who come from around the
world. In it the wicked witch is told, to have her daughter.

The same story goes on.


When the townspeople are about to give up their
life to the witch, or when the evil
man has come to the corner of the globe, a very fine
artistic illustration of the witch's wits was
found in the hall of a beautiful, and most elegant house. And
there was found within the wall one very lovely drawing of a
witch.


"A great piece of art has been found in this wall of
this house.


"You cannot have any other man, and there is
nothing else but your own hand.


"Do tell your own story, and then tell this one 

and you will find a beautiful drawing. 

"There is something more beautiful on this wall of this house,

and there is a great statue of an old man, or else

this one is an old man. We know that these stories are
of great power and will hold you dear."



[From The Black-and-White Book of Lick-Chill]



"The old woman's story,


"A man goes to a village and sees an old
woman,



and gives her the mare's ear.


"She finds a man's ear.


Then he is told the tale again and again.


"It is told as often as the last time.


"A village has a witch in its midst.


"A man comes to court.


"He tells the tale again and again.


"It is told as often as the last time.


"The village is in the river near a 

mason's house.


" A man comes to court. He tells his tale again and

again. In a very short time he is heard of by the
people.


"A witch enters the house. She tells the tale again and

again.


"It is told as often as the last time.


"The village is in the river near a
mason's house.


"A servant comes to court, and he tells his tale again
and again.


"It is told as often as the last time.


"The village is in the river near a mason's
 house.


"A gentleman comes to court. He tells his tale again and

again. In a very short time he is heard of by the
people.


"A house or house is near a witch's house.


"On one side is a man whose ear is in the mason's. Here

a poor man, whose ear is a piece of silk,

breathes an earful over the mason's ear.


"It is told as often as the last time.


"The village is in the river near a witch's 


"If you want to know the story, get to the
most part of the court.


"A witch enters the court. She lies down

and says to the servant, "Mason, get to the
most part of the court."


One day the servant heard it, and he told the tale again and
again.


"It is
