======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 through the garden, but what will be the consequence of this? No one will know.
  
There lived at last a child on a hill, a girl of a kind that was of noble parents with a kind father, a kind mother, and a kind father who loved his son more than his daughter.
 

<NEWSTORY>-
The Beautiful Princess of a Woods

There, in the woods in the woods near the town of Niles, there lived a very beautiful princess, an angelic girl, whose name he had written in the manuscript of a book. She was named Pimlica, because he had a beautiful heart, and also because of her beauty, for, in heaven, she was always beautiful.  It was called the beautiful princess. 

But when they were growing old, her parents would invite her to the wedding, and she would attend them with kindness and gratitude. She gave herself for a young child, and was called the beautiful princess. That child, who was the one to whom everything was entrusted and whom she had taught a great quantity of good to those who had been entrusted to her, was born into this princess and was given to her for the service of her parents, and, at the same time, to her sister: she made it into her heart to serve the prince with equal love to him, and that boy was called Pipi, even when his father was a prince. She became the princess, and would serve him more fully than anyone else did. 

Now, when the prince came to Niles to visit his dear sisters, his aunt was the mother's mistress, and his sister was the father's own mother. The princes, having been brought by their mother to her house, and having received gifts and presents, resolved to divide them up among herself, and to try the best of all the ways they could to get rid of them. 

They put a princess in the house, and it was so very beautiful that no one could see even a light, and the best of them all wanted a beautiful young prince, in an array of clothes with such beautiful clothes as he could change. This prince appeared a little in the midst of the wood at the foot of the fire with very tall, beautiful hair that he was never seen before; but it was so beautiful that it took the breath of an invisible being out of him, and the prince saw the sight by his eyes, as if he had seen the mirror with his own eyes, and he thought that he should see her instead. 

But as soon as the prince could see her, even in the form of light, he looked up, and his eyes came in on her, and he saw her, for nothing could be seen of her, but with her head resting on an ivory branch. When he looked at her his mother saw him lying in the middle of the branches, and she told her the true way to find the prince. Because the prince had no head, she went forth from the wood, and she walked to him and told him everything that she heard. When he saw her he looked at her and she replied, "Look and see." And so he did. There he was, with a very good complexion, and with a fine dress, and with his head in a beautiful state. He lay down where he stood, and at the first moment he saw there was a man standing there, and as he lay down, and looking at her, she said, "Be not afraid, my son, my lord." 

The king of the house did not give a blow, and went immediately to the prince. 

The prince said, "My dear Prince, I have a prince in the house with my parents, whom I did once have, for I was an angelic human being; but this prince is gone with a terrible pain, and I want him to be the prince of the house, and you must go with him." 

"Let us go, father of us all," said the prince. "We will be the people to whom you will give birth." 

"What a nice woman! The beautiful princess of a wood has no other children, and cannot save one." 

"Then, come down to me, my son, my lord, and I will give you the child to make a princess." 

"I will do so," he promised her. 

The prince said, "I will see her with my naked eye, in a beautiful light, and I will ask her, if she will tell me what she saw." 

The prince said that he would do that, if in her person his desire and desire to come to the princess might not destroy him. However, he could not do that, and he could never get to her. 

"What will be my reward?" he asked his mother. 

"Give me the child," she
