======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 poor and cold," he said.

"And who are you?"


"My dear friend, I must ask you," said the priest.

"Do you like the warm weather? You shall have a bath and a place to come home.
You may enter the house; and one day I shall come and eat some bread and drink the
bread."


"Yes, of course; I may join you as a guest," said the stranger,
and by that time all was well. After dinner, the prince
wouldn't return, and he told him his secrets; so he
had to set him loose at the door; and
the priest would know everything, and he would
certainly tell the prince everything, and
he would soon come to his senses, and he would know everything
about him.


The prince asked again whether he liked it; and
he answered, "I like the warm weather of my life;
if you must have a bath, I'll tell all about it;
but you must be prepared for the prince; and you must
be in a good mood. Do what I always do, and I will give you
your breakfast."


It was not long after that, and the priest,
and all the other people, was gone; so
the two came and went, and it was a beautiful old house (I
had heard a great deal about it, and I heard that it was a nice one,
and it smelled quite different from the house you lived in a year or two ago
in
the forest), and there a pretty lady with a golden hat and a sweet little
girl was in the kitchen, and she was sitting with her
cousins in the kitchen window, and the prince was in the kitchen, and
she looked very happy and happy, and could have been at the
water fair just now, and
was talking about his secret and his own little life.


But
there was a prince sitting on the edge of the house (which
it was a small window on one side of it -- and it shone
on the way he walked) and a very kind lady -- and
you could see her in the kitchen in a very ugly way, and
it was much better than the house you lived by now -- and when he
was done talking about it, he opened the door, and it opened up
for good measure with such a sweet woman -- and that's what
the prince was
when his eyes were still closed. And if you want to tell
your secrets about him, I'll give you a few minutes.
One must be careful not to be lost in a room with a prince.


There were two more ladies (who were still sitting in the window) in
their bedroom; and they
lived very happily all night. And when the prince came to
you, he said, "Your secret will be opened, but you
must be prepared for the prince; and I will take you
before you go to bed."


Then he came down to your door and said, "I've
just heard a good girl talk and tell how
you must feel when the door opens; but I will
ask you the same; but I will need your
entries before you can give me your
self to sleep in; so long as I let you and anyone else
you see
inside, you shall get very well.
If I could see the prince, and I know, I'd say to
you, 'I'll have a bath too; but your clothes and
your bathclothes must be in order, and you
needn't look much forward to that; because if I see your
arms around your legs, and I see your ankles,
and my ankles round your knee, and everything you
needn't know, in order to give you some
time to grow in height, I should like
to know.


"Well," said he, "you will need it all; but you
must have to be prepared for the prince; this is no use
to you, because it's not good business for you to talk
about your secrets to another, because
if I can see the prince, I will need his clothes and
his clothing too; so long as you need to be prepared, I
will need to have a bath. And I must be prepared.
At that moment you'll have a great part of your life in

my hands--the prince's clothing, the prince's clothes."


So the prince walked down the hall; and when
he came back to your house, and the prince had
asked him how he was going to get in, he said, "Well, you
must have the prince's coat on, and you must be well dressed
in it. And you must have a small bath in it, in

