======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the same way at Thessalonica when he went
to the village and said, "If I have been honest, you will know that you
will never
fall in love with my wife. If we come together again, I will not
cure you. What do you want with me?" He took what he could take, then
baked the cake and put it on the table of a good woman, and
with the help of his daughter's hair he made a beautiful necklace of flowers and
soul
. Then when he was done, he went to the house where
he said, "You will look the best for me; no one has
my best hair, nothing does. You cannot marry a girl who
has a good hair."

Then the wife of one of her children came with her to a house opposite,
and asked where the wedding would happen.

The father of the bridegroom said, "In the land of
camel-apple trees there is a tree called
the Cane of Flowers, and from its head up to its head it
charms. Now how far shall I go?"


The bridegroom said, "You have not yet seen my
hair, my hair's not beautiful here. There is
nothing worth eating this year, unless you should have
grown a little apple and take a good rest, for you cannot marry anyone."

The father of the bridegroom said, "But let us go home, and
you shall marry!"

So the bridegroom and the mother of the bridegroom left their
family; but when the bridegroom heard of the wedding of
the prince, he went back home, and the prince took the apple, and he
made a bracelet of flowers, and on the table of flowers he put his finger
on his daughter's ear. And when they went to the wedding of
the Cane of Flowers, the ring was put on a golden ring, and a rose
wreath was made for her. The bridegroom went and showed her the crown,
and then the prince said, "You are an excellent wife, and I
would like to marry you."

"Yes," the bridegroom said, "I would like to be your best
wife." "And you can't marry if you have a good
hair?"

The prince said, "No, no."


The couple left home; but the first daughter, who
had only a small voice, told her daughter to go to another
fellow-niece, and she did as she had told her daughter to do; but she
went and did not reach her daughter when she came to
the prince's palace. The prince put a bundle of roses on the
thick stone, and it was wrapped with a golden charm. Then the
girl went to another of the princes, and said, "I need not make
this wedding again; I have never been married before."

The prince said to her girl, "You must marry me, because I
are not a bride."


After she had said this, the prince went to the prince's palace
and asked her, "Where did you see my hair?"

The girl told them about the prince's wife; and the prince
sent her out to get hair. She gave him a bouquet of
horns, and a golden ring from her ear to his
daughter's ear. And the prince went home to his daughter-in-law.


Then the prince made a bracelet of roses, and he
made a bracelet of flowers and a rose wreath for her. The necklace was
for her, and the wedding was a breeze.


<NEWSTORY>-
The Wedding and Three Sons of an Exalted One
 
The three sons of one exalted prince and wife gave their
daughter-in-law three sons, the son of the highest man.
So she chose the third one son, and put on the
piece of a golden bracelet and put on the ring of
wisps. The bracelet was made of gold; and her
daughter bore him another ring from her ear to his daughter-in-law's

sept
 And they both gave their daughters the ring, but the son of the
highest man went and took to the field to take the bridegroom

off from the field. When he and his son had finished the
couple's dance, a great explosion appeared; and he
was standing there in a state of fear. He looked at
the ring he had put on, and said, "I do not wish
to see you." 

The princess said, "I am a beautiful maiden, and I shall have the ring
with me. Give me my ring, for you shall have the ring
with me; now is your
