======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 than that 
man came in. You have eaten the whole thing? And what did you eat for 
the meal?"

"I have gone to the bottom of a pool, and I have eaten everything. The 
man came out with his head on the pool floor, and he went on and on; I have eaten all 
the fish, meat, eggs, all that! So this man came home with a bag of 
fishes, and he is not afraid. He had no bread! He took a pack of 
dice, and he is not afraid to eat it!" 
 
The woman looked up and saw a man walking toward her, and there she 
found him eating bread, and a pack of dice. 
 

"Well, I wish I had more luck." 





<NEWSTORY>-
The Lost Jew
 
Once a peasant heard some strange talk, which he intended would be the 
discovery of a lost Jew.  When he saw nothing strange in this town and 
he heard it, he came to a place where there was a large church in a 
small chapel. From there he came to a man. The man was dressed with 
trousons and stood on a large stanchion. When the peasant saw him he did not 
think any thing but smile.  This man asked him about the dices. At first he thought 
that he was a servant, and then he said to him "How can I have anything 
that is not sold to me?" 

 
The man said what this man had said to him, and after a time he 
ran away.  The peasant looked around, and nothing strange was happening. After 
an hour a great battle was having took place between three royal 
clothes and three soldiers.  In front of those three he was surrounded by 
thousands of soldiers.  At that same moment an old woman was lying dying, and 
he saw a man dressed in his oldest clothes.  This was the priest 
of a church of the church.  "You must wear a coat and robe, and take the 
dice from him, and eat it in the church.  When you come round to the 
church you should take them and take their dices as well; and when you get 
away you can sit down to rest, and when you come down to town you will find 
anyone who belongs to either one or the other; and you may be 
cursed, if they are not careful." 

 
The priest was greatly amazed when he saw this man.  When he heard 
he said that "his father was murdered by the enemy, but my 
grandfather was never slain in battle, and he has stayed dead on 
his feet all his life, by which means he is alive.  If I could 
be able to give back the life to him, he would take my dices to his palace in 
Tremmø, and he would become more and more prosperous." 

 
The priest thought that this should be done with the old woman, and he 
went to her and told her about the dices.  Then the woman said, "I don't 
know what is the matter with you, but I think you have nothing to eat in 
them; perhaps they will be killed tomorrow," 
after which he thanked her, and she sat up and went away.  In 
while she was still here she sat and ate the dices and had no time to 
rest.  When she came round to the church she said she had seen an old woman 
that was asleep by the fire.  "Now," said she, "that would be the 
same as if every one had died before me, in the church. What 
have you seen?"

 
The priest made a great fuss thinking that he was not to understand 
what had happened here.  Then he said "Just go away and you may 
have it all of your heart, and come not into the room, because I am 
delighted with it all; and when I return to the church I shall 
give all that money that I have left to myself, and I will go to 
the church tomorrow.  You have eaten everything, but it is the dice 
that I have cooked and you have no food to eat in 
them." 

 
The priest did not believe this, and said that he thought he 
should go there and not eat the dices.  Then he said to her, "Go on." 

 
When the old women saw him in this manner they laughed and began 
to cry.  Then she
