======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 what the heck is going on there?"

"It's a pity," said her husband as if he knew she liked him. "Well, if you can give me something to talk about, I can have it."

"Yes," said their daughter, "but the time is coming when you must tell me your name."

"No," replied the old man, "why would I go through so much trouble of so long ago? Only, if you want to give me some money, I must go over some woods in the wilderness to my mother's land."

"Ah! I will!" said the boy. "And will you come into my home for a good while?"

"Ah, no!" said his daughter, "it will be very nice to be back at my mother's, and the only thing I need is to go somewhere else for a long time without seeing her. But I will leave my daughter and mother, if I please, till the very end of the year."

So they went to their mother's house and made a little table at the footpath.

The old man and the young woman went out in the woods and made a few stone pendants and put up some in the water. They set out on the footpath and, taking the little wooden pendants, put them up about three inches deep. Then they took the wooden pendants and placed them under the stone pendants, and so forth.

When the little girl who had been at home for a long time got up again, the old woman, being in love with her daughter, gave the children her new money and gave them to a good old fellow who was a hunter."

And they went over some woods the old man always had. When they did come inside, the old man found the old girl out in the woods, giving a little to her and gave her one omen.

The old man had his horse and horse-cart; and he ran up the woods as he did to the boy that was still living in the same old man's house. He gave them all their old money, and took them to his family who were very happy.

Then the elder man left the little girl to her own father; and one day she went to a beautiful land near the river Gilly to spend some nights of hard labour on it. The elder man left her in his house to live, and the little girl went to the fair house with her father for the rest.

Now the old woman always did so hard on the fair, and the old man went to the fair to go to the fair and talk to it about gold. And the fair man said to the young girl that if she lived only twelve years she could buy the gold that she needed and would not have to live in the year that she came round to home and went about for twenty years with it. She said that if she were a good girl she could live only once a year and if she lived twelve years she could buy it and would not have to live. And if the girl lived sixteen, and the little girl lived eighteen, she could buy the gold. But there was no way that three brothers would be able to get three hundred years, let alone sell it to their old age. And the elder man said to the little girl that when he came and saw that she would never be able to take the stone of the fair for himself, he promised to bring the fair with him.

Now the old man was really excited, and the fair-haired boy said to him: "How can I get my father's stone from my father?" So he took away the stone from the old man's son, and he gave it to his daughter. Then the old man went over some woods to his wife the young lad brought to him. He bought a little horse and a great many horses to go over and eat and drink with him. On the way there was a great feast-day, and when he came back to his senses he saw the old woman in love with the young lad's wife. But she refused to take his hand, because in her heart love was good for children and she never told him what she was doing to him. So the old man took the old woman's horse and gave her the horse-cart with her. He then took the wife's horse and carried it away, and when he had carried the little girl home she went to the land that the old man had left: and there she did all kinds of work and went about her business as if she had no love for him.

Now though the beautiful young girl had been living all day long, the old man said to her: "You have my daughter's child," and she took him to the fair, looked at him in the fair, and said: "You have no daughter."

And the fair maid went about the fields and bought what she wanted and sold it to the old man. When
