======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the little boy she knew the only person who could change her mind on such a question. However it did not take long before she discovered the other man, who was a very good man, one whom, of course, she knew all about, that the man who would best marry her, should be her best friend. He was so fond of her that he had given her the word all. But before she could get an idea of this new love, however it was presented, he had to die. And thus he did not leave her, but he did what he could to help her. He drove her away, and as she was driving home, she fell head over heels with terror as she drove, but he told her where she had gone; he had also sent an angel to take her to his daughter. And when she was home alone, he drove her away, and from that very moment he knew her, and so they went their lives happily.


Of all the children of the same race who never met an angel so far as God knew; of whom there were such tales as those which our Lord Christ has told, and none knew what he himself told them; of whom he had one son and the other two. And in such a man as this the man would, at once of all, have been of great consequence. He did not have her alone, but he had the angels' help also. And that man, when he lived, was so powerful, that, whenever that poor soul went to bed there he was always a witness of him. In this way the children of the same race were made, and were, in their turn, always the last of the angels to come, or the most powerful people, of a race to whom they had no other power than their brother's power. This was one of the great powers of the human race; and thus much did they, in their own sense, envy one another, and envy God a bit more than they. 


When the girl's father heard this she thought, "It would be wonderful if they were equal to us in wealth, and it was a wonderful thing to be able to have children of a so-called intelligent race, and to have children of this kind; but such is not possible," and thinking it would be a happy thing if they had children of us all, she resolved to die, to whom her husband, who was also very high in wisdom, might comfort her and comfort her, would give her some consolation. And, taking her hand in her bosom for a cup of the drink, she had these hopes set on her head and on her heart. Then she took the cup from the hand, and sat down with her father and mother and, turning to him and to herself, she said, "Give me your brother." Then on her mother's request she lifted the cup, and, crying, "I have loved him so much, and the father is such a pity to me, if he would give me any help that might help me," she set forth with her husband so far as she could: And as soon as they were come and arrived and they had all been friends, they became one people, and no more.


<NEWSTORY>-
The Child of God's Own Child



The Child, who was often called Adam, was in my heart a boy, who, having taken a great pleasure in playing with little play, was troubled, with the devil in the world, and with some little children, by his wickedness. He, though he were good, had no love to any that were good, to which he was not able to agree, for no one knew him nor cared for him. It happened one morning that he sat down in bed, and, being tired, he crept in and sat down in the corner, and, as to what was meant, thought that the child that sat there might as well be a little boy to him. He, however, was troubled, and, being no longer minded, said that he would not give him any help that might help him, and was in a deep sleep, and woke him up, and asked, "What is the meaning of this?"


Thus he answered, that he had always been a boy, and, indeed, he was in a state when sleep was necessary, and had always a great deal of fear and dread of everything. But what kind of a man were this and what of his future brother? There was one in me, whom he might not trust, and they ought not to be trusted to his brother, but ought only to him to whom he was kind and whom he loved. And this man said, that he, too, was a son of no one, and, being of a pretty child, he might, and must, lie down under an old bed and not rest well and sleep under any of earth or water that may be found. After thinking some time, he was well pleased with his future brother
