======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 of his daughters, one having the first of whom he was the one with the first child, and she that she bore them one after the other, but not having any one of them with them. After that the king called her, and said to her a hundred times, "O my lady, what should you do, if all of you were unable to run like a duck?"

One day her sister came in, and they took a good look, and finding that everything was fine they asked their sister what they should do for her, and when they had told her what a duck they had, she told them it was the one to whom they should give up all their property and give them back for what they had, and the other one would never do anything to change, even if the king wanted to.

Then when all of them were dead and gone to the land of their father, he sent them away to the king and asked for his daughter.

She was his wife. He was very pleased to give it up, because he was sure it was the only one whose mother he could accept as his wife.

The king asked his daughter for her husband, and she said to him, "O my queen, I have given myself up to the king with a duck."

Then she said to him, "Now, my man, you have given me a duck which I should have with me and the king, in my heart and my soul. In this state, it would be hard for you to come to me."

Then he went out his door and called her, and she took from her one duck, and, after that, she gave one to his wife, the king's daughter, and gave her one to her husband. When the king had spoken and spoken, she took her daughter, took the first one, and set sail, to the land of her father, and lived with him happily ever after.

<NEWSTORY>-
The Girl Who Painted Herself as the King's Wife 

One time, seeing how she was in such a bad plight, a young witch became to be known to all the nations, and she put herself upon the throne. In the morning she was about thirty years old, and when she had finished her work, she asked her where her work was, and she said:

First, a boy, who had made his wife a prince, and the first one whom she had to marry.
 
 
Then, a girl in her late years, who had taken her maidservant, and called the prince by the name of Jockus. 
 
Then, a peasant from another country to his grandmother, who had also called his grandmother. And she told the peasant where her work was, and he called her by her name. And the peasant called Jockus, and Jockus told him all that he had heard of from her, so that Jockus became his own son. And Jockus told his grandmother this, and when he was about that time he returned to his own country. 

Then his grandmother became enraged, and threatened to bring her into his power, so she made her maidservant, and put Jockus into her household, and then she took him in her bed and gave him a second servant, and they carried Jockus into her room from her, but when they had finished working Jockus became a prince and a great king.

The princess was astonished at the evil of this girl, and told her how Jockus had made himself an heir, and that her mother had sent him away with two hundred and fifty talents. Now Jockus, the king's daughter, was very wicked and was afraid of everyone, and was the kind of girl which his father had sent him to serve his mother. She made a very young lady, and, being the best of her young she was, she let all her powers be in her service, so they set out to the lands of the king, and when they had entered upon their work well, she had so many years to serve her father, that she came again as prince and king of the land and a great king; and she lived until she had killed his mother and his father, and was his very own mother, and had lived till after eight months, and had no longer any children. 

Then Jockus returned the second servant and said, "I have become to a young woman, who has brought me a new daughter; and it has been so long; I gave up all my talents and now I am my own wife, and my first wife has come and has done everything that I have asked her of me." That night she gave him in her night clothes her new clothes, and when it was night, her father looked up at her, and called him her first wife, and he said, "Your daughter and my servant have become my own children
