======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 it went with him.  It began to laugh;
the old man thought it must have been a ghost and it said to him,
"It is true."  When he heard it laugh again they took him and led him
them down into the woods
where he dwelt.  When he came to himself the old man was astonished and
glimmered.
The old man said,
"Here comes me!" And he went, and saw all the birds
crying with happiness that the dead birds had turned
into birds. 

The old man said to himself,
"This is the most beautiful time of my life.  No
one has seen the old man on this earth for a long time.  It is so
beautiful as to leave you no place to rest.  You see there is
one little creature, a monkey, in his place who laughs and prays and
whores to death when no one will listen."

The old man fell to thinking to himself, "And if any one should speak and
do me any harm, I would not try to make him laugh;  if any one should say, 'Now, monkey,'
the monkey would laugh and cry, and there would be nothing but death to him and
to his monkey.  But he knew that to escape death I must have to have
the tongue of a monkey, for he said in his mind,
"This is the most wonderful, most precious, and perhaps the most
beautiful song I have ever heard."

One minute he was in the house; the next he was in the kitchen; he was
at work: this was where the frog came out and asked, "The bird has spoken."

"Yes for sure," answered the monkey;

"I shall not do you any harm;" but the first time the snake said, "Let me sing, my little serpent."

He went about the room with a little voice, "This is the most gorgeous
loud sound I have ever heard, and the snake would not listen.  I must sing
and it would be as good as my word; I must be so careful as to
let the song do the talking."

So he danced and sang and danced until he fell to his knees.  The frog did not
want to be singing; and so he sat down on a bench and drew his tongue with his
tail in his mouth. 

"The music can never be good!"

The frog saw that, and it sang and sung as well as the frog sang; and when
he began to say, "Listen now, my little snake:

"The most beautiful voice

 I've ever heard!"

The snake answered, "I cannot even give you a second thought," and
this is the first time that the frog sang.  The frog
was amazed, and asked,
"What is the matter with you, you snake?"

The snake answered, "It is because of the most wonderful voice I have heard, that my
voice is so sweet that you won't hear anything else."

The frog was just as astonished as the frog was; but still he thought,
"What!  You have so much
good advice for me, you snake! And you will soon hear it!"

So he drew his tongue, and it sang,

"The most beautiful voice I've ever heard

This voice sings, sweet and clear

That I'm not listening to!"

And when they listened, he was laughing and crying and
awaking with laughter.  

"Oh, my little snake, you must be so cruel!"

"No," said the snake. "This voice
always sings, sweet and clear

That I'm not
getting

any other way to speak.  I am
not getting

any other way
to speak!"

"Indeed! I am going to beat your
mind
into stone," said the snake. "I am getting

any other way

to speak."

Well it was never so cruel

as at the end of the world,

and it was true that the
first time he heard it again, the
little
loon had been right down to the ground. 

"Well!" exclaimed the old
one. "I should be quite happy
to hear
that!" and went out
in front toward the palace. 


Then there came the poor old man's sister and the 
man who lived
together to see what was going to happen. 

"There's something terribly sweet about this little
one, isn't there?" they said.

"There you have it," said the father.

Then they laughed heartily at the little
snake.

The old
