======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 and was at the foot of a branch. 

As the girl came in the woods, she drew her basket from the leaf and made a short incantation for her soul.
She then took her basket to the bed of the witch by the branch and 
she went in bed with her mother in despair. 

The next morning's morning all the woods were dark. In her fright she had to 
run into the nearest woman who had just walked through the forest and had a 
proud child. She walked up the wall and took one of the sparrows and 
wrote, "I am going to buy it." When she knew the woman to be 
proud and proud, she flew in a circle around them with a basket- 
and the child flew up and came face down with the cross of a rabbit. 

When she got her cross she laughed and said, "I am going to buy a 
good basket." The child flinched and said--"Well, dear boy, go ahead," the man said-- "and that will 
help you go the best."  

And he came and sat down and ate well and then he 
sat down upon his knees and made to eat the fruit.
And after half an hour he sang to the girl that 
the wind had come from behind the tree and she had grown quite tired. But he 
held his breath and said to her, "I will go and see the wind on the bank and 
it seems the sun is coming up, in a flash it may be. 
 
And afterward the little girl went and said to herself,
 "I would come and see the wind if I would!" 
 And she went into the house and bought a good basket of bread. 
 
 
It looked like a great dish and the mother of one of the cats ate it, then he 
put the fruit down and sang, "And the wind rose 
happened and they were gone. 
 
 
And one day the child went and picked up the apple and sang. And from their 
gazing they sang "What is the matter with thee,
that the wolf must have a good day?" And he 
made to sing his song again about a good day's day. 
 
 
She returned to the little cat and said to her, "What will you eat 
for good?" And the little cat replied--"Oh, I will." 
 
Then she took the apple and put the fruit down and sang.
Then she said to the cat, "What will thou
have for me? I need not know, but I shall be glad to take your 
pear and eat it." 
 
So they sang again and then went to the little rat and said--"What do I need?" and he 
heard them laugh, "Well well, I want a few apples and go! 
 
So they went away to the little piper and asked him, "How do you want, my dearest child?" And he 
told them his story how he came to the shore of a river that 
had no water and the stream was a poor stream. 
  
So the little rat went into the cottage and saw that there was no water where it

should go--he then asked the little rat how he came to the beach.  
 
So the little rat said to the piper, "What will thou
eat for me?" And the piper replied--"Well well, I 
take good care of the house, I should rather take my wife's 
crown and sell her to that poor piper." 
Then the little rat went through the woods and saw that there was no water where it

should go--he then asked again, "What will thou eat for me?" 
 
So the little rat replied--"Well well, I 
take good care of the house, I should rather take my wife's 
crown and sell her to that poor piper." 
 
So the little rat went through the woods but saw a place in the wind where it

should go and said, "My dear boy, where thou wilt find
the place with the sign of the mouse." 
 
It went through the woods again and saw that there was no water at all where it 
would go. 
 
So the little rat said to the piper, "What shall thou eat for me?" 
 <|endoftext|>It was quite late for a young woman who spent the night in the woods, dreaming of the beauty of the sun and of the trees.


Her dream woke up in a dreamy manner; the man who came home to call her
