======== SAMPLE 1 ========
Can find it there, and so you may find it again
that night."


To the greatest surprise all came to a well and went down the well's narrow path. This
well is very long as well, and not one room is as wide. The first room is
filled with people. At this moment the hedgehog ran out from under the one
she had come with. "Hurry and open," he said. "We've all gone up there. We're
not getting back to our room."


The great hedgehog went into the very second room, but he could not
look out of either of the two, and the hedgehog's body suddenly moved in
between them. "I can do no better here, my dear," said the hedgehog,
and got up.


He had his head cocked up a little before he felt an angry wind blow through his
face, and he saw that it was a hedgehog. He pulled his head against the wall,
but the hedgehog went back on his heels. But she was not able to keep on
running, and he got up the door, but did not dare to step in. The hedgehog
was too heavy to walk, and the hedgehog pulled back, and the hedgehog
stood on his shoulders and looked down on him.


"Oh you nasty hedgehog, my poor little boy!" said the hedgehog. "What shall I do?"


"I'll take the sack and cook and clean up the house, then I'll be on your
ass," replied the poor boy boy, and stood up and threw himself down; for he thought the
little boy
had been a good man.


The hedgehog sat there a little while and then he said:

















Beneath the hedgehog lay a pretty good beard, and it carried quite a
small weight. At last he saw an old woman, dressed as the little girl
she was: "My child!" says she. "And you? And you who carry the sack?"


She shook her head, and could not answer, but said: "Oh, my dear, dear,
you've got a wife and a pretty child. I have no money to live on!"


She gave her child a good laugh, and said: "How the devil should you feel about my
children? Don't you love me for whom I hold your hand?" And she
went on and on begging from the very top of the roof of the house. "Let me take and wash,
for I am a miserable old woman! I never did anything for an old woman," said
her youngest child. "But now you don't have the children to live on, so let them
live on."


She got her little child well and well, and put her on her husband. He came home a
little later, and there lived this old woman who never knew that she had a wife
and children.


Meanwhile the hedgehog was making preparations in his bed, and the hedgehog could hear her voice
from beneath the cover of the door. "Dear child," he said. "Come now."


So they went to bed, and she went to bed in the same bed as before. In the
next morning the hedgehog awoke, and he took her up and brought her home,
but said: "Now come here and wash yourself," and she washed herself down. 


Then he did nothing, and the hedgehog had the two daughters, and she came home,
but never saw them again.


Another day the next day she called again, and said, "Why are you not home now,
for the first time this time, and you are tired and thirsty?" 


Finally the hedgehog said, "Well, it's time our sons and daughters took bath
and lay themselves down. I have a son or two, and if my son
was not here tomorrow."


"Well," said the second daughter, "you can be as rich as you want,"
and she stood up and took off her husband's cap and took off her
coat. She laid the boots on the floor and went to bed, but it fell
down. 


"What," said the first daughter, "went, and he went and laid his eyes on her
skeletons to see how the little things did it."


So she took out the boots and laid them down, but the hedgehog did not
touch them. He looked down, and they fell down the chest. For a-running, and
and the hedgehog said, "Now sit down, and let me know what you
have to do, for I cannot carry my child; let me see
what kind a poor child is and what sort of child
I have." And she
