======== SAMPLE 1 ========
of a hundred years ago. But the
other night she met the woman that lived with her, and saw that her
child was not alive. 


"Mother, get it away," cried the girl, and then she
called again and gave it to the priest; so they made it their daily
morning meal. The poor mother did not know whether to do so or how she
to go or not, and when the priest looked after it, he came running by,
and said to him: "Mother, be well, for all this has made me more
unhappy. I have eaten, and felt sorrow for myself and my
children, and now I see the hand of God." 


She looked at him, and said: "Are you here to eat?" and the
priest came running by him. 


"Go!" answered the woman, "I will be able to eat." 


"Where did you eat?" said the priest. "Go to a
fisher's home, where there is a great store of food." 


"Where?" said the woman. 


"There, at the fish's 
mouth," said the priest. "There you can buy fish at the
fish's 
mouth." 


"Are you carrying a fish?" she whispered, and the
priest looked round at her, and said: "I will go to that place in
the south, and you can buy fish there." 


"Yes, you shall be able at the shop at the 
mouth that day," said the woman. 




"How can you buy fish for me," said the priest, when he said
that she would bring some for the fish's mouth, and to go to the fish's 
mouth in that day; and he would bring some on top of that. 


Now a long time had passed since the woman had gone to the fish's mouth, and he
had come to the fish's mouth again, which he had brought, so that she saw
it well, and said to him, "What do you want from me?" 


"I don't want it; I have something to buy for the mouth, and it is
there." They went on their way, and the woman saw the fish's mouth, and she
heard its voice: "I shall not let you go to the fish's mouth."
 


"Yes, you must look in that direction," said the
woman. 


"But if you want to go to the fish's mouth," said the priest, "tell me."
 


"If that is all right," said she, "then I shall go as fast as I
can until I come to your house of all kinds, and then I cannot see
you." 


"What can I do? What can I tell you, mother?" 




"If you want to hear the story of your father's son, please tell me,
" said the woman. 


"No," said the priest; but if she should tell you so, you would have the
story. 


The next morning the woman came again to the old woman, and said to her, "What
do you want me to say?" 



The woman said, "I want you to ask permission from the old woman to see how you
should speak with me now that you know what you shall do with me." 


"I shall be sure of that!" said the priest, "and you must not look
longer in my direction than I have got to see myself with the
same kind of son now." 


The old woman gave the priest the invitation, and went on her way a great
way. Then she saw what all the young women were saying. 


"Let me in on your way," she said, "and I will give you your
gift; the old woman gave me your invitation. Tell me how it should be
if I do you a favour here?" 


"I have no need for your gifts, no, you have my gift," said the woman
to the priest, "but the good news is that it is now
that I know how you shall speak with me. I will let me
have your gift, but give you the invitation." 


The old woman said, "The old woman will give you the
invitation to speak with me, but she has given you my gift:
give me my gift, but give me your gift." 


"My gift," said the priest, "is the one I have given you in
your father's house." 


But the old woman didn't know what the good news was, so she said to
the priest, "I have to go to your house
