======== SAMPLE 1 ========

A little before midnight, a very very old 
woman appeared to him and said that she was from the land of the dead, she had
been the wife of a man, and that she was buried alive. But the man said he
could not imagine that this was true and therefore said, "I shall never find
her again."


So the man came to his house on a bad night and went into the
cave. There he found the corpse of a man, and it was so hideous to see how
old it was. The dead man was buried alive and the dead woman was
buried alive, and so there was just a man buried alive that would not have
been able to say to the woman what to do to get rid of the man.


At night the man went to his son's house. There the father saw the
woman and was angry at her, because she had buried the man alive. Then the girl
turned about and said, "The only way you can stop her is to kill me." And
the sister then turned in the same direction and said, "Don't kill me, for I do not
want to kill you. As long as I am alive you will never get close to me."


So the boy said to his wife, "Look here, father, I am coming and
taking away my sister's body." So the boy looked at his sister and said,
"Mother, tell me something, and the best thing you will do for me is to kill
my father."


So the mother said, "If your father cannot be killed by your wife that is why
do me this." So he asked her "What is the best thing?" and the young
man answered, "A little to make soup for supper, a little to make a dish for the woman,
and she will make soup for me."


The boy said, "It, mother, is best that you do not kill me for you must not
kill me, for the same reason I do that and it doesn't matter if I am alive." And
the daughter told her this and said, "The wife cannot be killed by her sister, for
she cannot be killed by her own sister." And the child said,
"Oh, oh, little to make soup for my supper, a little to make a dish for the
woman, and she will make soup for me, and her words are useless. And the same
thing will be the same on both of us."


So he took the two little pots that were in the room and ate them together and
had as much as the father had got when he made the soup for the
wife and her sister. Then he went and began making dishes for the
girl. When he was finished, the three sisters went out to look after
the girl. "Where is my dinner, father?" asked the little man and
the two little pots, and she would not accept it. "That is the best thing I have ever
given you."




Then the father said, "The wife, if you don't accept the one pot, I will kill you."

And the mother answered, "If your father cannot be killed by your wife that is why
do me this."


So the boy went out and went into the forest. He found the
three pots, and they were making everything for the girl's night. So the father and their
girl were eating everything and getting ready for the meal. "What will we have to
wish for today?" said the little man. "The food will be good. Then we
have to make our own supper for our supper." There was a little supper for
the king and his daughter, but when the father called again the girl said,
"That is the best thing I have ever given you."


And the boy answered, "I cannot be killed by my sister!" and the girl
answered, "That is the best thing I have ever gave you."


Then the father cried, "You are so foolish. You will never give up and
give up!"


Then the girl and their daughter said the same thing, but she got angry
and she said, "Little sister, forgive me, for I do not forgive you. You
have got so much to thank you for, for the first thing I want is your

food for supper."


But the father said to the girl, "That is the best thing in the world." And she was
so angry that she did not care about getting better, for she did
not need anything. Then the girl said, "Little brother, no harm should ever be
fall you, for in fact what you have done for me I have done for you,
and for no one else is to blame for the things I have ever done.
And in fact today I
