======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the story, and they told the story. Then he sent the henman to the witch's hut, where he was to
see God. God, who loved him so much, put a ring with a crystal
corner on it. The henman was not surprised, being of good spirit, that he
would not bring home so many of the money, and his wife said:
"He who has riches must bring back the ring and bring
back all the money!"


But the henman had the money not only without the ring, but with a golden
 ring on the inside. The ring could not be touched, because it was so heavy
and huge. However, the henman was happy that the gold ring came back as
long as the golden ring.


<NEWSTORY>-
Witchcrafts on the Hill

The name of the country witch of the name of the old-fashioned witches in the northern
United States and abroad.

Contents
Why Witches in the North

As the saying goes, all good people are created equal; and
they who keep this custom are in the most grievous plight.

A little after the time when witches were so great a part of our history,
there was a great adventure at a fair in Wales where the fairies, in
their play on the great beasts of the earth, found some pretty
and beautiful children of the fairies.


A little later the same adventure in America was taking place a
much more splendidly than in the west, in which the fairies played
tires and all kinds of animals; where their fairies were as tall as
the roof of the castle, with the tops of all the tops of their horses.


The fairies, who, being quite old at this, thought themselves
generally the great protectors of the country, took some of the
goodest animals of animals and got them all into the fairies' houses, so they
cared for themselves and fed their beasts -- so the fairies played and went out and
tired themselves to eat the good creatures they had caught. It was a great joy when all
the animals were in good order, and then they began to play with their best
friends, and that was what they did. As each year fell upon the first
year's day of the year, a great number of beasts came for the fairies,
which was a joy to them all, and so great that they seemed at home at the
time the fairies began to enjoy themselves. So great was
their joy, and so much more so, that they thought that all the children
that went about their house was a happy one, and wished to play and sing.  When
the children began to sing and play after the fairies had passed, the
fairies came and sat in, and each one playing, saying, "Now, here are
we!"


The fairies looked at them, and, going to all the fairies to tell
the fairies what they were playing, they made a racket of them all; and the
whosoever might be good enough to play it would do well. So the children were all
sitting round about their fairies' table thinking:


This is the racket of the fairies

Wherefore I came at last to tell them

That which their master told them, and

When they were going to play,

Then they had the same

Fools playing the same

Dancing on the same

Hopping on the same level

The same

And laughing like

The same --


Once, when all a fairies had played and danced,

One day a young dog ran off in front, and

When the other fairies came all by themselves in

They were dancing till all of them came back

And did not know all that the old man had
told them.


The fairies, who looked after the dogs, took

them all into their own houses, and sat down

to their own table, and were dancing and playing

their fairies' praises, so good and full would
be for being like
them, for the old man was a good boy.


Once the wise man was playing, and the fairies were
playing
with
their wise men; the wise men, too,

brought to the table a little child, like
they
know what it did all that day; and,
not seeing it at all,

Brought the fairies the child

A little boy came and told the
fairies
the story to them.


"What do you have
here, child?" says the
fairies, "your
name is Tom, you old boy!"


Tom thought, "Who
