======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 from them.


She asked him on the spot what he was up to.


"My master's house now," he replied, "is as old as the king's." 


Then she set out. She traveled farther and farther until she felt that old castle was a long way from where she came. There she met the man who had called her up. He said, "My master is waiting here."


"Good," she said. "Go up." He gave her a chair, and she went up the stairs. She took the sword in her hand and went down the hall. She walked up the steps and looked into the room where she had once heard such great talk of kings. She stood there all night.


They all came out and sang:





My master

My master


Sing


To the world in which I came,

And to the world that came my way,

And to where I am,


I am my master

Sing to the world in which I first came.


The sun was shining and the moon was shining, and all round the castle were lovely apartments. People walked up and down and looked into them. The king saw in them a handsome young man who seemed not to be as rich as his father. She asked him what he had in those apartments.


He told her that he wanted to bring her in as soon as he came.


The peasant asked him about everything.


The peasant was very earnest and determined to know what the man wanted. He had no more words against her. She took her silver and went into the room where she had been sitting. The man came in and asked her what she was doing. She said, "It is nothing more than a good old house which was built in the year 887."


"It is neither very valuable nor anything more," he replied. "I am too late." She let go of the sword and fell on her back, weeping and begging for mercy on her wicked father. The man then said, "I can do no more. My hands are still wet, and I will never be able to keep the kingdom of heaven. I will have no more sons than your father."


She did not leave the knight and went back to the king. Then she went out into the garden to her grandfather. She found the sword, and she took the sword in the coat her grandfather wore. She took it as a good gift to her young wife, and she kept it while she was in bed with her mother and father.


Now the young woman was just a few years old and she had no more sons than her older sister. She gave no other gift. In the same time her older sisters were dying and she was a wife. But if she married the young woman, she would have no more sons. She only had one husband. She lived with her father and brother, but neither she nor her brother ever saw her.


The young woman had to give her the sword and then she could live. She lived like nobody else. And finally she stopped playing. She stopped playing and no one saw her. She asked her father if there was anyone who did not love her, but she told him. He said so, and he said, "Oh, my old mother is a cruel queen, and her son is a good old woman. But my old mother has also a son, and she has done so much to get my poor brother with her into a house, where he will live by the sword. If his bones are not broken, it is just as we have found him."


Then she told her mother that she should keep watch on her father and her brothers and never let her go. She did not tell her children that she did not love them. She did not tell them what other things she did not want.


Then she asked her stepmother where the sword was. She did not tell her. She said that she had no more boys. She went out into the garden to watch. Then she walked and walked, until she met a beautiful woman sitting on a stone. She asked her to keep watch and if anyone came by, she would not let them in. They told her that she did not love them. She went outside again.


Then she walked to her grandmother and told her that her stepmother had brought the sword and told her how she had found its way. When she came back into the house and saw the sword in her hand, she asked her to give it to her son. She would love him, but not yet. Then she told the old woman that she would love her. And she gave it to her. As the old woman got ready to give the sword to the young woman she asked the young woman in a very sad voice, "Come with me to my old man and I will give him a sword. I will also let him in. Then
