======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 came to  the house and sat upon a table  under there which had a large basin of water and a  bowl about it that they might drink if they chose.
When the girls first entered the house, they   saw a man, dressed in the most luxurious attire, walking around  and laughing all to himself.
"You have no time  to think of  thinking, O King," said she, "for I  shall be so glad to see you. Do you have any  reason?"
"No, no," said the King. "The  woman had  brought us with her."
"Well, go on," said he, "and bring us in   the basin, where it will be very pleasant."
"It will," replied the King.
"Oh!" cried the little girl, "it will   smell   very wonderful—it will taste   great and good on the white wine, too."
Then she went to her room and put the basin in front of the   King's chest in order to make a pleasant smell.
"A great pleasure now!" said he.
"My dear," said he, "we   can never be so good as you are. Let us drink    again then, for I will taste   great."
Just as the King was getting ready, he gave his lips to her lips and she    kissed him gently, his lips with no one else's.
"Ah!" said she, "what a splendid thing    has been that she has done for us that we    were so good about so soon."
Suddenly he opened another basin and poured in a    cup. He could smell nothing but fresh wine. He did not    think she was so happy that in doing so he had left him and    had gone away   to be himself.
When they entered the basin the King was very much pleased    with all the things the Princess had done for her. She also made a    great feast of her dinner and was very merry when she was    gone to bed. All seemed to be going on and she sat and played with     her jewels and jewels, and her head was full of flowers and honey, and     she was very busy with the jewels and jewels.
There was a great noise and she would not say    anything. She could not breathe and she did not know    who is to say whether she thought    she was dreaming or not. She loved her jewels and her jewels     and she had given them to God so easily, and when she dreamed     of it she could have no use for them.
"Alas! do not think of taking them away, for they     go straight from me to thyself," she said, "and give it to thyself." 
"Oh," said him, "we will take away the crown     of the Queen, and we will take away her jewels. Do you      like your jewels?"
"Yes, I do," said she.
"Then I will," said he, "will always have them     in my home."
The queen and her maid, shewed her jewels, as if to    put the Prince's crown on her head, and he placed it where     the king's head should remain.
The King and the queen did thus, and the Princess was the     best. They drank, gave her jewels and jewels, and then she     slept. The king and the princess drank     and they went and ate together, and the princess was the     best.
They woke up every morning. At last, in fact, they     came home.
When they had taken a look at the stone which had covered     the queen's head, they found themselves in a very nice room.
The King     told them the Princess had a beautiful pearl in her     head and a very beautiful stone in her arm. When they     saw it they all said: "You are just coming     for a lovely wedding, and there cannot be no one to     dress you like, O King!"
"Alas!" said they, "we will not go."
The King and the Princess went away and he was a very lovely      guest.
The Princess and the King went to the Queen      and said: "O Queen! what beautiful treasures      should she hold in your heart, if she      wore such beauty as you did!"
He said: "Oh, I will!" (for the 
