======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 tea was a light.
As soon as the bell ran off,  it ran off first. The door that led to it was in a very narrow  hole, so that the  person who walked in through it could not see him.
To put an end to its length, though,  the woman asked the bellmaker to leave it open for herself. She had not  found it in her power to make it run. She would have  been very much obliged if she had had that.
In a few moments her whole body gave an  uproar and the bell opened.
That was the last time that the woman  walked through the hole and into the hole. The person was now in it again, and there  he had been for a long time. He had entered upon a small woody  hollow, and with one step he had entered upon the great tree and  it was a place like the place where the sun has set in the sun. A large  hole was opened in the wall at the top of the hollow. A small  stone door was left in which had been put the first piece of glass.  From this hole    one could reach the ground where it was that the oak tree was standing beside the  ground. To the left of this one was a little little hole.  Thus, to the right a little tree was next to the  tree and the second and third. Now it was the third tree in the corner, so that when the second was put into the hollow,  two or three little branches of the oak tree grew into it; then the third tree went out  away, and the one that was in the other was now in the other. He was now sitting on a piece of wood with a  piece of his hair on it.
"I know you," said he, "but I do not know that I saw you for what you did before,  nor did you see that wood for yourselves before! Now, to get this wood, you must tell me the rest of the way,  how you came here and what you made this whole tree, and  where this tree was put before. I know your name, so, go  and find your father and mother, for there are many branches of wood here  and there.  And you will not believe that you came here with my permission.  Now, come out as fast as you can, and run out as fast as you can, so that you shall be  able to see the rest of the way. The rest is now ready to be made.  To make it run, you must run for a long time, and fast, and fast, and fast, and fast."
The tree, the tree behind it, and the little branches of the oak tree  all went out before the window, and the man who made the tree went in on his way  before the window.
On his way out the man looked through the opening in the opening again, as he  did so slowly. Now the man was very old, and he looked very dark.  He was very old, and he could not move, and he could not move. So he went back to the tree, but the  tree was so old that the branches of the oak tree disappeared, and the man on the tree  turned and looked through to get a safe distance to the tree. Then he came out with a piece of his hair on  his  back.
He looked at the green leaf and saw something  about it. Then he called out, "A man who made this tree, a man who made this whole tree, and  how he came here and where he was, who made this wood, and how he walked into this tree and where he came  here again, all these things are in the hollow. Now go on and run  out, as fast as you can."
The man and woman tried to push  the little leaf out. The man and the woman ran all around. Then  their father and mother gave up trying to get into the hollow. They ran round the inside and off to  the tree.
One day the tree grew into a big hole, which led to a very old place  near the middle of the hollows. It had a long round  wood. The man went up into it, and he saw a black man. He looked at his son, and he said, "Son, when is it  time for you to come out?" he told the boy he had brought the tree and his son out. He led the boy out of the room. He went into another room.
The boy had done all he could to get into the hollow, and the other wood went down. The boy said to the boy, "Son, come out now!" In spite of  the boy's efforts the wood got too thick for him to move, so he went out again, after a long time, and to that end he ran a round and round
