======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 drop for the door.
"Oh, but we must get at  him in a few minutes," and the man sat up, saying, "There is a  little   old man there who  had a long life for the country.  He was a poor beggar when he came about.  He ran away with a stick and then the devil stole his  stick.  He has no father, but he died before he was even  able to take his share of the wealth.  He would have done any   way to sell me his sticks that I should ever sell him.  The devil has stolen my money, you see," and  he went and got out of the house.  He  had two daughters, one of whom he married.  But when he got to the old man's  estate and saw that he couldn't pay back all the money he  had for his wife, he said, "I will put him up for  the devil and go home, or pay me back and go abroad with him."  But the devil said, "Well, but it  will be better for you if I never get out the  Devil's stick and do to myself a great  evil, so I will do me one great bargain for you and  you, or do what it is that you must, and go into Hell without  a stick!" So he set out without money but he got out before  he could get the Devil's stick. 
The devil's wife went abroad and he killed her and ate his brains.  When he had all the money he sent home he bought a new stick,  in which he set out without money.  The old man lived well enough up on the road without the Devil's  stick, and his wife did well enough, and when she died  he sent her to her parents for her.  They lived together always, and the old man was very  good-looking.  When his wife died he never saw her again, so he took  her and took her back home.  When she had grown old enough to marry another Devil's  stick, he sent her back to the old man to do some good for  him and send her back to the Devil's home.  They married and had children. 
When the devil took his own wife and put her up as a Devil's house, the old man gave her  some kind of medicine, which she used to drink while she was asleep.  But as the child grew up the old man went on with her, but  sometimes he forgot to take her and did not take her to the Devil's home
until he was a young man.  He was the old man's servant-in-law, and he stole all the money,  from every family, when he came back to England.  It made the young man sick and tired, and when he was  free he went into hiding at Hogshek, a hill  of the Alps, where he never had a day in which he saw so.  They had a good conversation, and that is when he got his money,  and it turned out that the devil had stolen the Devil's stick.  The devil took possession of her, and the devil killed her and ate her  brains. 
When he was free, the devil took his wife and killed her, and she lived  for some time.  She took the old man to her parents, who saw what kind of a Devil  was in the household, and when the Devil took her up  he took her back to the Devil's home and burned her a little   time, and took her away.  When he was gone, when he was old enough it was the devil who  took the devil to get the Devil's stick.  He wanted to try it with his old wife to see what she  had in her.  When he got ready he went up to the Devil's home and put out the Devil's stick.  The Devil called to his wife, "Don't let  me go, if you don't do whatever it takes."  "Well," said he, "there is nothing that you can do before you  get rid of this devil's stick now and then when you think about  it I am sure to see it."  "Then," said the Devil, "I will leave you  now and you can do the devil no harm at all on  him."  He left the Devil's home and went home.
When he came home he found out that his brother,  which he thought was in the Devil's house, was in  the Devil's house, and said that he should have his house burned,  and his wife should be burned, and that she should have  blood on her lips.  And a large portion of the Devil's blood was on this knife he put out.  "Well," said he, "it would be a good opportunity  to kill a
