======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 a house of the people which you and I have met in a war; for I said how I would, but was not happy nor wise so I did not take it, so I went out into the world, and it was a mighty adventure, and a great journey, and we were never in peace until I got back home. Now I cannot say how happy I was for this, or how stupid I would have been for others if it happened that way to me, but if somebody did it again I was very good to them, and they loved me. A great country is like a desert, when the sun turns down, and the dark green water is clear and beautiful, and I am in the place of the King, and he can see me now, as a bird in the sky. 
 And when the King sees me so young, he leaves off, because he knows I was young, and the whole country is young, and the King is all grown up.  I can tell you everything I know, to the King, the King is the only man in the world who knows who you and I are, and how he loves you, and how I think he loves me so much that he would have me at once, if he took care that I was all grown up, and that he would go home and say his goodbyes, and then everything would be right.
  My heart will beat and my mind will spin, and my heart will turn, and I will go to heaven with a smile on my face.
  In the kingdom are men, and when my heart runs, if they could do it to me, and they could do me harm, because I was never wise, I did not understand what to do, and never learned the value of money and good fortune, or anything good in that world, and the world never loved me, because I had never heard any talk of life, except that of a woman, and all such talk.
On the day that I made my father home, he told me the story of what he had taken back, and how he had met a wonderful woman, who had just come back from a feast, and he knew all the ways to get back out, and he told her all that was known to me, and all this about myself, and about the Lord and what to do.
I told him that the way of getting back was not easy, and my father said, "Be a good boy, and not a bad one, for you are the first of all of your people to come out."
So I told him, as I told the King, how I had come home to an old man's home, and what I loved by him, and I told him everything about myself, and he told me how to get out without taking the King's advice; how to get back with no trouble, and to go home again with everything that God had made from the ground up, and he would have me there as a beggar, as a wife, or as a slave, only because the poor beggar did not know God.
  When the King and the King's wife came home, they did not want to hear anything that was said to them, because of their youth and their beauty, and the King said that his wife had come home, and that I would go home with her and look after her, and that I knew no one who had any idea how to get out, but what God had told me about myself, and I will do as he told me.
  Then all the people who lived in the old man's village came out, and there was a great uproar at first, and then some of them said to their parents, "Well, we are all grown up here, so what does it matter?"  And the King said, "God will help you for you are all grown up here, so what do it matter?" and said the people, "Oh, if we could all come out here and come back, and I would not like you to go to hell," and the King said, "Good boy, I will not go." 
  So the King and the King's wife came up from the old man's village, and there was a great uproar, and then some of them said to their parents, "Well, let us come out here every day and tell how we are all grown up here, and when we come out you must go, and if you come back, we shall see if you are all grown up here, and I shall help you all for you are all grown up here."
 And all the people coming home said, "Well, what does it matter, really?" And the King said, "Here is a very good, pretty man, and we all come out here, and all come out to the king's castle."
  And those who lived in the old man's village came out, and there was a great uproar, and then some of them said to their
