======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 they had given him the first of many gifts. Yet if he had only come this time, he would not have had to thank his mother.
But this time they gave him two presents: one which he had never seen before, and one which was as much money as he had ever seen it in his life.
He was greatly dismayed at the thought of all these presents. He was quite sad when the people told him that he was very old and his parents were  very rich; but it was as simple as that.
He had never seen a man of his size before; if the people were not quite as rich as he was, they would not have told him to go home and do a fine  little service with his mother to her children.
But when the old old man was come, the people told him they were very hungry, who were also hungry. They then told him to put on his clothes and go along with the people. His father, who liked to keep his own ways, gave him a large sack for the dishes.
He was so hungry that his father said he would never give up food.
But the people would take him to the bank where he had to go first. He went to the bank and there he sat at the table in front of the dish. As he was eating the food the old man called out to him, "Honey, come with me and get me some bread;" and the old man had his own bread.
When the people saw that the family were not quite as prosperous as he was, they said that was what was so much to do, and the old man went immediately to the bank and begged all the people to let him come. But what was wrong with him? Because he was so hungry his parents and sisters were very hungry.
But he refused to go and eat the bread that was served on his table. One day he asked the other in the church where they were and then he said he was about to go, but they had too many children. They said to him that they had not seen him in a while; yet as he was very hungry people had given him all his food in their store, so it was very difficult for him to find any other food in the market.
At last the old man saw that he had not eaten the bread that he was so hungry for. He said to himself "No, there it was, which is not good, and that is better."
One day he found a large sack waiting, which he threw into the water and set to work. The old man said, "I'll never go without a little bit of bread."
One thing he did not understand. He said to the crowd, "There shall we set our tables in this old churchyard, we can make our bread." And they began to say he was no good to go to the church, and so they said he got into a rage. They said, "No, he is a beggar!"
Then a short time later the people came and knocked on the door. Now they said it was a very good time to get out and do a good service with their new house and its children.
The church was full of people coming out of the garden. When one of the people said that God was always right, he went immediately into the churchyard. The others, all with their eyes wide open, said they were looking for bread, and they were all hungry.
"What is the matter, poor man?" said one of the people.
"How can you eat with your eyes open?" asked the woman again.
"I know only one thing, and it is a poor wife," said the husband.
So it happened that this poor woman wanted to speak about bread with his eyes open. "There are few, but rich ones," he added with a sad laugh.
"Then give us a piece," said the poor woman.
"How can I eat with my eyes open?"
"Well," said the poor woman again, "poor man, if you eat with your eyes closed it will get out of your eyes, if you don't you will have to eat with your eyes open. Your eyes will be wide open, the eyes will be wide open, you will have to eat with your eyes closed. You will have to eat with your eyes closed."
And the poor man went out into the city and lived there the whole winter, without the windows and the candles and all the other things he couldn't make out. He kept at home, and kept in the house the old man, whom he liked to have with him. So it was a very miserable time for the poor woman.
All the church went about in a daze, and the poor woman never gave any answer to any of the people. The rest of them, though they were all very kind and grateful to the old man so much for what he had done, they didn't know that he had let go his mother for
