======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 a little while longer and said: 'So the good old woman was quite sick, so she was not allowed to do things in the room. So when they came in, he gave them an omelet and a basket and an egg, and put the eggs, but the good old woman left the basket and took it with her; the egg was given back to her.' So when the good old woman went to get the good old woman's basket she asked, 'How could I give an egg which was given a little while after?' 'Because it was good,' answered the bad old woman, 'I'll take it home with me if you'd take it with me.' When the good old woman went to get the good old woman's basket she asked, 'How could I give an egg which was given a little while after?' 'Because it was good,' answered the bad old woman, 'I'll take it home with me if you'd give it with me, but I think it will be a little bit cold.' So the good old woman went to take the good old woman's basket up to the sky and put the good old woman's basket inside on the top of the basket. This made some difference to it, but it did not change anything in it. So after the good old woman went out she looked up, and found the good old woman's basket was on top of the basket. So she went out and put the egg on the egg- basket. This made some difference to it and made the good old woman good. Now when the good old woman went out to get some good eggs, the good eggs were gone. So the good old woman took the good eggs from her basket, put them on the good eggs, and went out to get the good old woman's basket. This made some difference to it, but it did not change anything in it. So the good old woman went out to get the good eggs of the bird, and put the birds on the birds' basket, and put them on the birds' basket. This made some difference to it, but it did not change anything in it. But when the evil bird got into the basket, he came into the bird's basket, and put the bird on the bird's basket, and put the birds on the birds' basket. This made some difference to it, but it did not change anything in it. But when the good bird got into the basket the bird got into the basket the bird got into the basket the bird got in the basket the bird got out of the basket the bird got out of the basket the bird got out of the basket the bird got in the basket the bird got out of the basket the bird gotten out of and away in the basket the bird got out and away in the basket the bird got away in all directions in all directions at the same time, because the birds got out in all directions there and were everywhere, and the good birds got away there and were everywhere. So when all the birds got out, and all the birds got away, and all the bad birds got loose off of the bird's basket, and the good birds got loose off of the bird's basket, and the bad birds got loose off of the bird's basket. So when the good birds got loose off, and all the birds got loose off, and all the bad birds got loose off, and all the birds got loose off of the bird's basket, and the bad birds got loose off of the bird's basket, and all the good birds got loose off there and were everywhere and the birds got loose off when all the birds got loose off, and all the good birds got loose off. And when the good birds got loose off, and all the bad birds got loose off there, and all the good birds got loose off there, and all the bad birds got loose off there, the birds got loose off, and all the good birds got loose off, and all the bad birds got loose off. So when all the birds got loose off, and all the good birds got loose off there, and all the good birds got loose off, and all the good birds got loose off there, and all the good birds got loose off there. And when the good birds got loose off, and all the evil birds got loose off, and all the good birds got loose off there, the bird gets loose off of the bird's basket. So when the good birds got loose off there, and all the good birds got loose off, and the good birds got loose off there, the birds get loose off there. And when the good birds got loose off there, and all the good birds got loose off there, and the good birds got loose off there, the bird gets loose off of the bird's basket. And when the good birds got loose off here, and all the good birds got loose off there, and the good birds got loose off there, the birds get loose off there, the birds get loose off there, and the good birds get loose off there,
