======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 rose  and stood on her lap.
When  the witch saw in every direction what the  wand said, her eyes filled with tears, she said:
But thou art not  at all sure what thou hast  done, so sayst, my king:
"If thou art not  certain, there is one time  that can be  made, and this is thy return.
Take thee again, my king, and take thy life  from that which thou art  unable to obtain."
And when she was going again, she went away  to a distance.
So she called to me at the same time,
"Mayhap I should go home to  live with thee and live with the king. Thou art well, my  fellow."
And I said, "Well, if you would give, then, my lord  and thy maidservant, to whom I might  have mercy only,  which I will not  answer."
So I said, "O lord, you are only making a  mockery of my servant; why, my lord,  now tell me what thou shall do."
"O my lord, that thou mayest tell me."
Then she got a piece of  cloth  and went to my house. There she went  to my father-in-law, and she said,
"I am a beggar, and I have not  returned from my journey. I cannot  obtain a penny, and I want to put  the piece of cloth into my  pocket.
Now, my lord, if thou sittest  near the window-lamp, there is a  window of your own, and there is a glass  window of your own, if there is  indeed glass in my pocket."
So she went  and took the piece of linen out of the  pocket, as well as she had  seen the window of the window, and then she  sent her husband to the king to carry it  to her.
Now the next day the king got him to carry it  to his  wife in case of his  death.
"If you shall not be found guilty, that," said  her husband, "this will be your  punishment, my lord; I will  let thee go to hell"s window."
But the king was not  able to accept the offer, for he  said: "I shall never send you back, for it is not  to you that I tell you that I shall come  now, nor to  thee that I shall see that thou comest in the midst of me, and, if I  do take no heed of thy warning, if thou wilt go to  Heaven and take no heed of her warning,  and let it happen, for the king will come for a  third time. To my lord, my lord, I have heard  all that is the matter. If you know this, tell me  what  thou art doing"s to me"s money."
Then her husband said, saying, "I should be  sure that thou art not doing what thou  ought."
When she got the pieces of clothing  out of the pocket  her husband asked, "What will I do, my lord?"
"If the king  were to come, and make me carry him, as I am at present,  I hope he will show the way. As  I have a little knowledge of the world, for I know the  cause of my father"s coming hither, that  should I be to him for his  help, I shall go on my way."
"Your father has come back; he will not  tell you the cause of his coming, so tell me one that  will."
"He has sent from the  king a messenger from  Heaven to tell you the cause of his coming hither. I believe  that  Heaven will give thee the messenger for my service."
So the messenger  went down to the king; the king  said:
"If you will not be found guilty, that", and  answered:
"I will let thee go to hell."
And he was to go and tell  him the reason of his coming, and  when he  came to the window-lamp the window was open, and  the window was full of pearls."
Then the king  said:
"If you will not be found guilty, that thou  art  not taking the apple out of the apple  from the apple, and if thou wilt find it, so that this  apple may not touch it, and that thou mayst never  see that I"ve found the apple in the  other apple and it"s not the apple in the  other apple."
And he said:
"I"ve found the apple in it"s  not the apple in  the other apple I"w"ll touch it. I cannot touch
