======== SAMPLE 1 ========
>  The girl asked, "Who  were you sleeping with when?"  The prince replied, "Who was me?"  And the princess answered, "What has happened to me?"   Again the prince answered, "There are two people  who you love. You do not desire them any longer, and they  are all dead."   Then the prince said, "You know, it's time to bring  you out of the wood. In the evening come back with me."     Then she led him to the  village and presented him with a piece of cloth.   The prince saw the princess lying there.   He said, "This is a very wonderful place.   You must wear it for a little while."   The princess said, "I am not worn at all."   She took the cloth, covered herself with it, and went with her  back toward the forest.   Then the prince took hold of her arm and pulled her away.   She lay down on the ground and said, "I am a princess.   I owe my life to you."   Then the prince fell out of her grasp and cried,
"O prince! O prince of the gods! My beloved  queen is dead!"   Then the princess fell asleep again and did not look back.   But the prince called to him over, "You shall see my queen again."     Then she fell down with him in the wood and said, "O prince! O prince of the gods! My lover  of life!"
Then she said,
"I will leave her."    So it went. 
 And the princess fell down and asked, "O princess! O princess of the gods! My lover of life."       At once she made a sign in the wood, and said,
 "I shall leave her; she who has left me will die, and  I shall take care of your things."
Then she said,
"I shall leave her."    So they went back to the camp, and at the end of the next summer  there was a great spring, which was full of the wonders of the moon, and  at once the two princesses met in the spring, and all the gods were  standing round for the first time in the beautiful forest.
But on the next day a great fire was burning, and all the  gods were looking round for the princess.   But one of them said,
"Go outside! Make no noise out of all this; it will  be a waste of time."
They were so  surprised, they looked out, and fell up  into the fire and fell in love with each other, and each of them  said,
"You shall be queen, queen forever."
Then the  two princesses became one tribe, and in between them was a large  forest.  One of them called,
"I want to be queen!"
They all fell down with him, but he stood still and looked behind it, in order to find out what had happened. "Do not    try anything!" he said. 
Then he went out into the forest, and he looked up at the stars and told them how beautiful the   moon had become.   When he came to the right moment, the stars shone in a golden light, and said: It was    the moment when you went up and laid your hand upon the earth.   Then it said,
"I want thee to sleep in a palace."
So in a second moment the three princesses were dreaming. They turned around,    and saw a beautiful white sky. 
 They went to a large house, and the golden light was shining across the    roof of the palace. When they came to the queen, the princess said, "Go on, go on, thou shall not    see any of her." 
She stood outside the house, looking as she had always done: she looked straight through the    window and saw all the beautiful women and beautiful men standing on a    high high mountain.
There they were standing on the roof of the house. As they looked    through the huge window, they looked for the king, who was riding his horse on his     back. The queen fell asleep and fell down.
At the very next moment the princess fell into bed, and     saw a great blue bird flying over the country. It flew over the hillside,     and flew up to the wall of the house, and he was about to run his hand over it when he felt     at once, and he was so surprised that he fell on his back and     fell dead on his back, and fell in a heap. 
The king was riding, and he said:
