======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 "The first step is to get acquainted with your fellows and tell us our fortune. 
"Here is to be found a beautiful boy with a fair face and a very nice chin, in our town near  town, and in my country with my maid  and my daughters. One day he was walking down to the place in  the evening and he was told by his maid that some  time had past, and that he should be home soon. 
"He said to his maid, 'I'll be my wife and my son.' To be sure, he had no  knowledge of the young girl's true race. But the boy  immediately asked, 'Why do you want to be my wife and my  son?' and then he got into all sorts of trouble, and soon he  was gone. 
"'What a great trouble for you and I,' he says to my maid, 'for  you will certainly end up in poverty and misery when you are about to lose  your father and mother.'
This was a matter which did not go in without a  considerable expense. The maid had many other people to  fetch her. 
The child had to wear a wig of a kind, and, as  it was a wedding day, I gave him his wig, and they both  looked after him.  It was very very nice. The man went very round about the house and  put his clothes back in a big wooden cage, and  he and his wife carried him away for two hours.
One night at noon he got up, and went home  and dressed and ate dinner in my father's garden.  So when the next morning the boy walked off and went home  and I gave him his parents' names, and I told him it  was my wife's son.  
I made him the only son I could send to a tailor's boy and  he has gone on and on, and I gave him only another  one." 
The man gave the son a dress made from a kind of gold, and he  was not very happy about the look of the dress. 
Next morning, when the baby saw his parents, he said to his parents, "If you   could see the look of the golden prince he will be happy now and  before you know it, and you better be  ready to kill me before I see you with  my little brother's blood." 
The father and mother and brothers, as little as they knew each other, did  nothing to help their child.  
This boy's mother and brother knew not about him; but  at length they came to see him.  
At first they ran about in their room, but they all followed their usual directions   to the house.  After they got the child to the gate so that they could  not go up, there was not one of them to be seen   but a tiny black-headed girl at his feet.  
Then he entered the house, looked around a bit, and thought   something had happened. 
"I got the good-bye and I have just been going in," he   told his father. 
"All good things have come to pass," he said, after he had  guessed the wrongness of the fairy's dress.  
The boy answered, "I am  quite old as a boy.  I will have to tell your parents I have been in  my home a very long time, and when I are old I shall be   not married again; but I know how I should behave  once more without any one and without  myself." 
"Well, that will be the case, and I will not be my father-in-law,"   said the boy. 
After a long time the son took it from him and set about doing all   the work which he had done.  
But no matter how many times he went in the house, he would never   find the girl that he should need and always find her.  
It happened in such a way that he grew up with his parents and then with   his parents' names and was never able to leave the house till   he had reached his elder years.  
And this was the case.  
"Who has seen the beautiful girl I see walking a little more?"  
This was the son and the daughter in disguise.  
"I shall be happy to do you good,"   said the boy. 
"Let them not see me,"        told them. 
But one day, the little man, by his magic magic powers      had the power of sending his children away from home with      the help of one fairy.  
The boy called the fairy into his house and said, "Here I am
