======== SAMPLE 1 ========
they have the means of making a cup of water that comes to you; and all that's in it will make you feel very happy.  You, who don't  go through the steps of a house, are a lazy boy.  To-morrow you'll have everything to make you feel well-hung."  The man's heart sank. He felt his stomach tremble, and his chest beat so violently that he was forced to swallow himself in  one huge swallow. He was very sad. He wanted to sit down.  He wanted to do good to those in need.  He wanted to spend his nights in the beautiful lake.  His parents wanted to bring him a little basket of  good fortune.  They all made him feel like they were giving up all hope for  them. But he always thought of his parents as his  people.  They'd taken him from his mother and put him in the basket.  They'd had no idea he was a good man and had no fear of  his parents.  He thought of the good things his parents had said to him when he got out of  the water.  But the good things were not so much his parents as he thought they  would be, and then he had to take them home.  But he felt quite frightened, not wanting to get himself any  wrong on any part of the world.  He felt the good things he'd had, and thought of them as  his people, and wanted to take them home, but all the  thinking went well with him. The way he went through the  water that day was very beautiful and the way he walked on it, and  was almost exactly the same as he would have done at home.  And every time he went through it, like a happy child.  It was the same as he would do at home, with his own own  little basket of good fortune.  
 There was this beautiful old woman who worked for him.  So beautiful that he never looked at her.  She had  a lovely old man with an angry head.  His face was just like a little dog on a stick.  He was always quite afraid.  But she always said she knew better than  everything else.  All his life he had hated her.  "You can't really get me out of this," she said,  "if you keep fighting."  "Good-for-nothing," he said.  That was enough to get him out of the water, and then he got on his  lazy, hungry, sad old old feet, and they would help  him to get all the way to the house.  But he loved so much about this old old woman  that he wished it might be her, with a few more of his parents.  "Well," she said, "let me get out my  things and take away those of my parents, and they'll do you better if you're tired."  "Just like that," he said.  "I love you all." 
 
 In the kitchen, at the end of the bed, there was this very old man,  a very ugly old man, dressed in a wig and hat that he had  never got to wear.  When he was ready to go home, the woman in the  kitchen said to him, "Take care  of yourself, for when you're tired, you'll never have the time  to go back," and he took the old man's hand and turned to the  home that was not his.  The old man did him a good service, and called  the old man into the house and told him it was the time  he had given up all hope.  So he was never tired in his life. He did well  in the kitchen, and knew that it was the time to go home  whenever it was.  The old man sat down on the sofa, and the  old man was sitting beside him, and there they were, and  the old man was watching the old man.  "Here we go," said the little lad, "and go out  and get a lot with us again and take care of yourselves, for  that's the end for you if the time is right; and now  let's get a pretty good bed that we've never had before."  And the old man's face turned to the little lad.  It grew quite dark, and she was going to take her night-bed out  like a big bed in the  kitchen, and they went into the water and washed the  water, and when she'd washed the water, they set on a row of  big rocks, and the giant  came out and said, "You can still get this, if you have  any love for me, too, if you want to."  "Yes, well, that wouldn't be too good for me,  I'll be happy with that, and we can get a nice
