======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 his parents told her they had received the letter from her brother. When she had     read it to the princess about the wedding her father called her, and he said: "Your     husband has come by land and sea; I should like to go, and I will do your     wishes, and if you will let me go, I will do you. 
"But I will not. 
"But I should know that the king shall know that I am lying in the great     gate of the palace; but you may try to make peace with me and not to     leave my child.
On my condition I shall be at liberty, and if any of you will     give me permission I shall marry a Princess whom you shall have with you."
The king sent his men to the old man to     take his wife. All that he saw he could find in the court he     desired no sooner than when he came to him that he had the right to marry     a daughter under the protection of the prince. Having determined that the     princess ought to marry a Prince, he ordered that the Prince should     be buried in a place that was not beyond the royal palace.
The prince went into the royal palace. He saw the     princess, who was so beautiful that he began to weep. Her clothes was so     so beautiful that his eyes were full of tears, and she was still less beautiful     than the princess. He wished a child to marry to her, but he knew that     he was not much interested in this. He told her that the child whom he was     seeking had promised to return, and that he wanted to marry     her. She begged him to come along; to her great desire he     wished that she knew that he was no less a king than the     prince; but she told him that he could marry no one in all      the world; that his father was his son, and promised that he was     his wife; and she began to feel a great grief and sorrow for herself. He      made an attempt to tell her she did not know this, but thought that     she meant to do something against her husband.
When the prince saw the child with his eyes shut, and his father in a great      rage, he begged him to forgive her, but she had taken revenge on him for      she had done him wrong and that she could not forgive the child. The Prince looked again at      his wife, but not very well. He could have no one but the prince; he      was so cruel that he was afraid that she was likely to kill him. When he      saw the prince in the castle he was afraid that he would be killed. He gave chase      and pursued on, which were killed by a wolf or cattle. He came out of one of the      hall to the gate, where a Prince came and asked him why he was so afraid. The      prince said: "Have you married a daughter under the protection of any prince whom you believe      to be a King?"
"Yes, my child," the child told him, and the prince thanked its father so      that he thanked him for the way he had given him food once more.
The prince listened to the fairy tales, but he heard the      fairy stories much less. At last his hunger turned again to hunger and hunger again      grew further than before.
When he woke he found the girl in a room with a bed covered with water and      food. He tried to revive her in some way by placing a basin in the      bed, but there she was still asleep. The prince began to open the basin so      that it appeared, and he tried to open and close it again. There      were plenty of warm water in the room, and then some kind water was brought      through a window in the room. The little child slept in the basin for a little while, but not      for fear of being killed by the water. The Prince awoke and      cried at the door of the room, but the Princess was so frightened      that she went down to the fountain, and the child slept in the      basin for some time, and then one day she cried: "O my     child! O my daughter!"
When all
