======== SAMPLE 1 ========
owing, for he was too tired and thirsty,  and he said, "Blessed be my soul, for iniquity has robbed me of the  happiness of youth." However, when the Princess looked a bit more  surprised to-day at this speech.  For he had no fear, nor did he be sure of his  youth.  Thus the Prince made no reply, and  looked on the Princess's face for some time.  Then the Prince said, "How shall I know that  it was you who had  given up this  pleasure to me, without your own consent?  Then, you will have to give me back my good-bye."  Thus the Prince spoke.
 At length the Princess was forced  to give up her  promise of being married. But the Prince was  unwilling to do so after all that had happened for him?  When he said he would be so willing, and if he  desired the happiness that was to come after his marriage  to the Princess, and if he desired that it also which he  had done, he could, without difficulty, make peace with  the Prince.  But he could not, with the great force of which  he was bound, leave up his promise to marry  the Princess.  The Prince then asked that the Princess  should not forget him, and that was exactly what  he must do.  After he had done so, he said, "I will take her  to be husband to me."  Again, however, the Prince wanted  to marry her, and as he had promised so, he was  unwilling to do so after all.  "It will be a matter of the least trouble,"  said he to the Princess.  "I will tell you, if I will bring the good-bye which I am now  able to provide, I cannot forget you to-day, and  you will have me as wife to-morrow."  "I will be sure if I am so pleased to-day, and  when I have been able to give good-bye,"  said the Princess,  "my hopes will be turned into  happiness, and I will  return to you as soon as you have received the best  news, and you will be happy too."  To this, again the Prince replied, "I will  do so, unless you want me to go home and bring your  bride for her, and I will be able to choose her not to be with  her."  The Princess, however, did  not understand his meaning of this, and said,  "Why do you suppose that I can tell you the thing which I have  promised you?"
 So when the Princess did not understand him,  the Prince asked him what he had told her.  "I can tell you," said he, "that I had promised you that you  should not forget what was to come and  return from the wedding to be wife to me."  "Then you must take her to my dear  cousin, who came to me as soon as you will  be able to get her.  If you do not consent to my marriage,  you will be put under house arrest, and put in  that same house as can be got for you, and I will be  there with you for a long time to-day."  "Then," said the Princess, "if I will let  you see me, and do you see that I come to  you with all that I have promised you, and I  do promise you everything that I have promised you,  I will take you to my cousin, and I will give her to you."  Then  the Prince said, "I would give you back my goodbye, only  that it will be of no avail for you to go home to her."  "Very well," replied the Princess, "for if the  Prince wishes to do this, he must take you away again.  If you will consent to my marriage  to  her, that is, he shall give her to me, and she shall  never forget it!"  "Then," said the Prince, "I will not give up my good-bye."  Then the Prince said, "I won't  give up my promise by giving her the good-bye which I have given  you.  If, however, you will do so, I do give her back my good-bye,  only that it will be not enough for  you to go home."  But the Princess had not given up her good-bye, and she  would be ready to lose it by leaving her  in  the room with the Prince and coming home with him without her."  "And where are you?" asked the  Princess, "for you will be under house arrest!"  The Prince said, "I will not be  willing to go myself; you will be under house arrest,  even if you refuse to give
