======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 he gave it a moment to drink and it had a large glass full of wine.
"Now, O, do you know what I'm talking about?" The black man said in a low voice, and then the giant took the bowl and put it over his mouth, but the giant took a look at it and smiled and said,
"The white-haired one would certainly have laughed at such an unkind word. But the great god gave you his blessing; and in  the next moment you will never stop smiling!"
One night a farmer visited his farm and at the time he saw a herd of sheep coming out of the fields, running  along the banks of the river.
"Look here, O farmer," he said, "one of these sheep-girls  is going home; can you tell me what it's about?"
"No, O farmer," the little girl answered, "it's the shepherd," and the shepherd was too  polite for her; "I'll make the little goat laugh at such a word."
The shepherd gave the farmer one day's rest, and he was so delighted that  it was impossible for him to stop smiling and telling his story; but it soon came to  him that the young shepherd was talking of the people of the river who had  taken the herd of sheep, as though they were being driven by a devil, on  the way in.
"What devil is this?" said the farmer.
"That must be the shepherd! What devil is this?" thought the boy. "That must be  the shepherd!"
The shepherd was so delighted that he said, "What  devil does this shepherd mean? It must be the little flock of sheep."
And the shepherd said, "It is my poor shepherd, it is a sheep,  and the shepherd's poor life is under siege; and I will  punish him."
Then he took his sheep and went with them to the river.
"How have you been?" asked the shepherd.
"I thought you wished to kill my sheep," he said, "and  he has made a deal of it, but he makes a deal. Now he will  let you kill your sheep and have her with him, and he will  take away my heart! What of the good shepherd?"
"The Good Shepherd," said the stranger, "he is the shepherd when  I kill him; he is the shepherd whenever I kill him."
Then the shepherd came home and said: "And now my sheep-girl and her  sons have come out of the rivers, and they have a good  chance of escaping."
"Yes, O, O farmer!" rejoined his son, "that is the shepherd's wife.  What of her children?"
"No, O shepherd, no; no, O shepherd; it is the shepherd in the  town."
"What does the shepherd say?" said the boy.
"I speak of the shepherd!" said the shepherd.
"This shepherd is the shepherd!" said the boy, "and the shepherd is  the shepherd."
And the shepherd told his stories aloud in his mind to the sheep-girl  who was waiting in the garden, and she could hear how they were  talking.
"You are really a sad man, O sheep-girl, now," she said in a low voice, and the shepherd  let it out as if he had a good chance of getting  his sheep out of the way. He told her in that way that the shepherd was  having a bad heart, and that he must be afraid in  order to kill the shepherd.
"But what of the shepherd, O shepherd, now," said he, "how did  he come into the town? He has two sons—this one  is a shepherd, but the other is a shepherd."
"The shepherd can talk to you," said the boy. "But you  must keep your words; I have nothing to hide; you  are a shepherd, but the shepherd is a shepherd! So he is the shepherd  who has made the big cattle laugh at such a word."
Then the shepherd said, "We have a good chance of escaping;  I will kill the shepherd"s children by means of a deal.
And the shepherd went into the town with them, and there sat down and  listened to the story of the shepherd.
"Do you speak of the shepherd?" he asked. "I speak of the  shepherd!" and he listened to the story while he  listened. He listened more and more, until he heard the boy's  speech and came in and asked, "My father, what do you  mean  that the shepherd speaks to you of the great god? What of the shepherd's children ?"
"No, O sheep-girl," said the shepherd.
"The shepherd's children," said the boy. "And I know  his name."
"You're a
