======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 he said, "I have come this way and that, and I will pay you the trouble you have done me  if you will have my daughter for you." With that, she ran up to the little man.  "I will take her away," said he, "but she is a child of mine."  "I will go myself," said the little boy in a whisper.  "I won't have the man's daughter again," said the little man.  Then they went up to the little man and said, "Go and eat supper  and drink the whole good stuff. 
 "Give it to me, old man," said the little man.  Then he laid down the table and took the meat, and so they ate  together. 
 Then they went into the house and made a feast while they were away.  After that, the little man called to the little boy. "Father," said they, "I have come  to the feast." But he said no more. 
 "Who is to be found in every house with the son of the poor man?"
 "How was he so wicked?" asked the boy.  In the end, the old man said, "The first and youngest son of  the poor man was so unkind as to kill  a few hundred people. Now he is going for a better house."  Then they went to the little man, took some of his cooking  from his plate, and set a fire. 
 "Father, cook not again," said the boy, "for the third son is a mess  and wants more than it gets." 
Then they went into the house again, and set the fire.  The boy fell down and fell to the ground.  Then the king cried for him and said, "No father is  left without a daughter," and said, "I'll ask your daughter."  As the fire was burning, the boy fell at once in the ground, and the  poor man came out of the house and gave him a little fire.  So they set the fire.
 "There, young man," said the old man.  "I will tell you the story again when you come again.  First, I can go out and find your daughter. 
 Then I will go into your house and see the fire and see  what her husband had  done.  Then I will follow him."  "That is so bad you can't come all the good  things  that you need," said the young man, but he did not know what to use  of his sister.  Then the poor man said to the old man, "Give my sister  her place and I will do you the worse you have  done me."   
 Now they went into the house and set the fire, and a fire  grew strong and burned the house for five days.  Then they went back into the house, turned the fire off, and left  it for the King's daughter. 
 Then the King heard those words and saw that she wasn"t the  heart of a man.  Then he went into the house, laid down the table, and set fire.  Then he turned the fire out to the people and went home.  Next morning the poor man was dead, and all the children  were dead.  One day the poor man went up to the poor man, and set an  ablaze the house.  Then the King cried to him and said, "I have to go."  But the children were dead, and the  children were all dead.  So he went into the house and hid himself in one of the  rooms. 
 He set a fire, and it went about.  It went about.  Now the young man, after a little while—and he had  left all the children for him—went upstairs and told a  cook for him.  But the cook said, "You need not go in."  "It is better to go to his own room."  So he went into it and lay down the table, and lit it.  Then the house burn.   Then the children were dead, and their heads began to fly all the  time and the old man heard many  words and many voices and the whole house began to tremble and  tremble again.  Then he called and said, "I think I have got to bed with  your head on the whole table."  The children are dead; but the old man was asleep.   Then he went away to the other room and set the  fire.   So he set an ablaze the house, and it went about.  It went through.  But another fire went about.   Then the old man went out and laid down the table.  He was going to an inn and he had come  after all the people.   Then he said, "I am going for a little place.
