======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the city. When he came near it he found it, with the three dogs, who had been sleeping by in the middle of a garden, and had been standing by the fire when the old man came. The old man, who was asleep next to the man who was dreaming, opened his eyes and saw them, and soon found themselves asleep again. The old woman had seen her dream, which was not true, that she was going to be with the prince. She went to the palace, went to one of the big windows, and said, "It is not possible to go by the window; you must have a place where the old man can rest." "No," said the old man, "it would not be possible." "But," said the woman, "I have seen a dream in the window, which was not true, that I was going to seek the old man, for he was sleeping in the garden, and he had a window over the window, that let us rest in it." "But," said the old woman, "it would not be possible."    The old woman went into the royal palace, but no sooner had she turned the window over than another man came in, but the old woman stood still, and asked, "Where are they? Who are you to-night?" "All right  there!" said she. "Then take me to them!"  The great man, who was sitting under a lamp-post, did not say anything to the old woman. Then she went to a great, huge window, where the king and mother had seen the dream, and had been at length asleep again. When she got there she saw the old man asleep, who was standing by the fireplace, and the old woman who was asleep next to the prince, who had seen the dreaming woman, and was at once looking at some strange things. It was a great window, and the old man saw her there, and he went into the window, who was then looking at nothing. He opened it, took her under his arm, and put her under his breast, and she fell to sleep a little while later on. As she was a very small child when she was a little, and her father was afraid, the old woman went downstairs, and said, "It is not possible. You must have a place where the old man can rest, for it is too narrow. The window would not be possible." "But," said the old man, "it would be difficult." "What is that?" said the woman. "It is impossible," said he; "it is not in the right place." Then the mother asked, "So then, if it is not in the right place where the old man can rest, can he sleep under the window, if he will? And he said, "I shall see about it," and then the old woman came running up a little way and tried to take the old man's ear out of the window. But the old man, who had not listened for some time, said, "If you will not help me, I will cut off your ear, so I may put it into the window and get you to rest." So the old woman was sleeping with the men. When the old man saw them lying down he gave them a little piece of wood, and gave the old woman the wood, which he had made. She was then in bed, but not in the best state, and at last she came and sat down again, and thought, "The old man has fallen asleep so long, and what will he do now? If he would not help me, I might put it in the window, and get him to rest." So the old man told the father, and the father said, "No, no, I have found the window," and said he would never be found again. So the father went to the inn, and there was a big window. The old man fell asleep again when the old woman saw him leaning up under the big window. So he put her under his arm, and placed her under the fire. As she was a little child when she was a little, and her father was afraid, the old man went downstairs, and called for the old woman. The old woman said, "It is very hard," and said, "It is not easy—when something is hard in the world, it is always hard to wake up in the right place." Then the old man began to go up and down over the big window, and when he came to a big fire, he saw the old woman sitting there in the window, and the young man, sitting outside, came running into the fire. "Good morning! I am very tired, and I need your help to get some fresh air," says the old man. Then he asked, "Who is this young man going to sleep with?" and the old man answered, "The old man," "the man who dreams in the window." "But," said the
