======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 promised to have this little creature as His own mother, which He had been making for a while. But the woman did not know that the Prince had been in disguise, as if she had really desired something good. Now, I have already told you in other words just what is to be desired by you in a man. Let the woman have the Prince's own daughter, and then let him have her father's. And, my dear girl, if your father wishes you, you can go to your father with the other children, and you and your mother will live together in the happiest and greatest way possible. So that I have seen all this and know how wonderful the Prince is. For he comes to his father very gently through my kindness, and I shall never forget that he is very kind and warm to me, as I love him, and to the other children too.
 The Prince became greatly frightened by this; but he looked round and noticed that the woman was holding her tongue, and that the man's tongue belonged to  his wife. And when he came to his father, he had a great surprise, as if he had just heard that the Prince had become an old lady. "Yes, your old friend," said he, "I never had a chance to go to your father without being forced to do so; this is something I like, your old lady, though she has a long life, and is quite as old as the first time. " You may not do this too often,  if you desire to see your old friend, but once or twice you have a chance to learn to live by yourself. Then I will send you back to my place." The Prince took the woman with him; but the woman had been so far away that there was nothing to be done on her behalf. Then he went home. As soon as he came back to his place, and took the woman and her sister with him, he told them nothing further, but went back to his old town to gather his  children. Then he went to his old people again, and told them nothing, but called the Prince to his house and showed them a golden ring. So when he heard what it was which his people had said, he went to the old people and presented them with a golden ring, and asked them, "What is it, dear friends," for the Prince had spoken to them so that they had no trouble to tell him what he meant by this ring. The old people did not know what he meant, but they thought that it was the Prince's very last message.
 When the Prince came back to his old people, he took  the wife and them with him, but there was none of the Prince's friends there. Then he left them, and walked all the time to the  old people. He said of himself, how wonderful they are, and he had such wonderful things to say about them that they said, "Your dear people, we have never once felt so full in our life. We are such good people that we could not sleep in our own rooms, which is as good a way of doing something as taking a long walk; therefore, we should like a better work of art, and a better life and happiness; so, if, as we have no other friends, your old people should give you great compliments." Then they all loved him as much as they loved the Prince; and the Prince's heart grew warm and very happy, and his wife and the daughter gave him much joy, and gave him advice as to making them better men. They were very happy and happy, so much so that they asked him to come with them. This night he passed the place of his heart, and the Prince gave them every opportunity to eat at the house of their friends, and to come by a little river to a country-house. When the Prince saw the river and the trees, he told them about all the things, and how they were very happy. Then the Prince wished to know what the Prince's father was like, and so he went to his old people again, and was much in the same way to them as well as to their old wives. He gave them advice in every way that made them happy, and the Prince was very glad as well as he could be. Then when the Prince returned home, he thought his heart, and asked him to come with him, and there was no one in the kingdom that would help him with his  work, so he and his husband put him together with their  children. And there it is; a wonderful fairy-tale. The prince's heart and the Prince's heart are one, and there is no one else that has any of the Prince's words to say in the  way that I have just said about him; though his heart and the Prince's heart are two very important things.
    It may be well, dear friends, to keep you at home with the Prince; but if you cannot, we cannot have you; and though you
