======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 on a large black  tree in the trees; and he saw that the little  one was a pretty little thing. His skin looked like a stick of  wood, and he had an easy brown face. He looked very young indeed!  Just at this time, in the middle of the night he began to say  all sorts of terrible things, for he was trying to keep a good  watchful eye on some strange old creature, who was  playing along at midnight in the yard. A young  man of a handsome face fell very gently on to him, and  said:
"Do you know what was going on in the yard?"
"Oh yes, I did," said he.
"Well, I heard what you must ask:  what was your son doing out in the yard?"
"Oh, I saw him playing his way about."
"You must have been right all along," said the man. "Didn't you see  him?"
"No but he was quite strong  and brave."
"I'll take him to this house at once, for he's  no poor old man, if he had never heard of my brother."
"Oh, yes, no one ever knew!" called the big one.
"But now," said he, "you must be wrong  about the boy," and went on, "the little one is all right  and you need not fear; he has been away more than once."
When the big one saw the thing that he had spoken of, he  got very angry; but at once, he said:
"Well, if one of you has seen the little one he's a very clever person,  but I don't care for you; you know what I shall see! He'll have to  put me out when he's off, and that will bring me to  punishment."
The old man turned and said:
"Well, if I tell you again what I hear, my son will find me so   frightened he will not let me get away until I see him."
"But that will kill him, for there is nothing to fear, and if he  does  see me that is his very end."
"No, no," said the little one. "You are to have me killed at last.  You want me to kill you now? Then I have to kill myself,  which is my very very end."
"I'll tell you I've been dead before," said the boy. "  I must have left your own hand."
"Well, why not, then," said the old man. "You have to have some one to kill you."
He went on till he came to a large, large,  large boy; and he tried to kill him.
"'Sire, you must have killed me before, for I saw  you come running," said the boy; "but I don't know if it is  just then nor at all.'
They all ran, and were too sore to give up their little  one for her, for they took the knife from his hands, and  cut both off the head. As soon afterward they came to an  open little house, where they had their bed, and were  taken down and put to bed. The little one went to her, and told  her what she had done, and said:
"Let me lie down, and lie down, and lie down as I will;  but it won't do me any good to lie down, for you will be very sore and  hurt to your own hands and feet."
When the boy awoke, he was tired, for he had eaten and slept; and  he begged the old man not to eat him; but said:
"Go away, and go to a place of safety, which  has neither a door nor a window. When you come to  that place I shall be ready to cut off your head, but if you have a  sword or a pole in your hands, you cannot get the one I have given you."
The old man looked at his son terribly, in spite of his  desire, and said:
"Do whatever you need to do, but have my daughter  put you to bed."
So the child went to a place in the open, where a large  crowd of strangers were, waiting.
When she came back she put her leg up, and asked the  stranger a good  fine question; and he answered:
"Why yes, it is not of much use for me to do  to be seen in the window of a house, so I go with my hand bound  with a chain through."
They took his leg and put him into the   door, and set off at once, without turning  away.  The poor man told her the story of her own troubles, and  she became very glad about it, and went home.  But
