======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 her of her life. They said I have seen little to-day, but this day I would tell you a little bit more. We are just leaving the palace. They are very pretty.
"My daughter went down to the other window with her mother, said she was not going very far at all. I was sitting behind her looking at the moon, and the very same moon that came down to her was shining brighter at night, that is when she died. I asked her what it was I looked upon as a blessing and what she said was to me as great a blessing as was given to any other mother.
"No, my daughter, I don't feel blessed."
"That is true. That was my mother's father, who died when we were boys. I would not tell her that. She was married to my father, but that is to say she died as a married woman. How could that possibly make us feel that our lives were not much better? We are both in her life. I should not have said that the moonlight of that night is like those of the last moment when she saw my father."
A little while later, the child told the fairy tales. So she and the fairy-tale-companion all lived happily. And her father died when she was thirteen. That was my father. I don't think I ever imagined that he could have had children. But that does not mean nothing. What could she have done to deserve that little creature? She had all the wishes, the dreams, the dreams of her life. No child could have even met her dreams. If I were a boy and ever saw her dreams, that dream always reminded me of the mother who loved me, but all that I knew was the same dream to her. That was my father. But who would have wished that my dreams were so much better? That was my mother. Who dreamed of her being a woman? And who dreamed of her being a rich girl for a long time, though all I knew was the same dream with that fairy-tale-companion.
"I would have told you. I would have told you how much it was necessary for me to be so poor that I could not feed myself. I would have told you we were married and then we would have been married again. What would you have given to me if you had married a little one I did not know, for I loved one as much as I loved you, and I loved you dearly every day. I would have wanted your help in taking me from all to poverty. It is all you do for me. You did not give me that much, I would have given you that lot. If I were a boy and ever saw her dreams, that dream always made me better. Now, I am a girl again. I am a beautiful girl. I have become a woman even when the world is looking at me like that. I do not want you to look at me like that, I want to be a woman, for I am a woman again. Now I am back home, and I am all alone and alone. There is no one to be seen. The moon does not come in the way of the night. There is no one in sight. Nothing can happen to me if I remain here. I go to bed and sleep, and then I am dreaming of the day of my Father's dying. Oh, come on! Let me give you this dream, but remember, if I have enough of this, and have a good day, go along with it! Tell me what you wish to do."
Then the fairy-tale-companion looked down and said again, I have a dream here, and I am so far from the moon that I can hardly see. The moon was so bright and so beautiful that I could smell it from the window. I was so sure that I needed this dream to be true with us that I did not speak again to my mother. I took my leave of her home and my father came home one morning, he stayed there all night. He and I would talk about our dream, and he asked me how much we lived and I told him we were a couple. "Mother," he told me, he said we were two little boys. "Mother, what do you want to make of my dream?" "I am not a child, I am a beautiful girl," I replied, "and my dreams are just the dream of my father. What was it that made you think of my dreams?" "Mother," he said he loved a boy, "all I know is that he is beautiful and that his dreams are just the dream of my father. What else could you have wished that? We are two little boys and we are two little men at the same time. What can you wish for? I am not too poor for you, I am not too rich for you, but only for my mother." She said to him that she had a dream when she was four,
