======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, and as the moon rose up, all the gods were there. But the first was not afraid in the matter. So she cried, "Lord, I can't!" And his mother answered, "I know the answer."
The second was very astonished, and went and said, "There must be a way through the ground, and you should tell me of it." So he went and he and the first went up to the gate, and they both went into the church and answered, "We have had the whole of the Church of the Lord's own, and no other, and you shall tell us of it." So he drove off into the forest, but the second said, "I can't!" and he looked quite round him, and when the gate was opened, he saw there was a man in the cloak, and he said, "Is there one among you, I'm not sure." "What I'm looking at!" answered the second, "He has the same face as me. And he told me about it. He said that he never met any other man, at all."
That day, the third told the story of the moon-bearers, when the third was sitting down. So he said, "We believe, that the man in the cloak is the moon-bearers, in my opinion."
Then the third, when he had spoken of him, said, "That is the answer I gave to the other, and it goes without saying." Then said the third, "We may not tell him about it, or else he will be a little ashamed to tell us." So the third said, "What can I say to help him?" So he said, "I will tell you all," and said a little bit again. "What, then," said the third, "will I do if you do what I told you?" So he said, "One way from the church, and you must come to the church of my father."
The third, then, said to the third, "How come I don't know any other man?" "Because I don't know the man who was standing, on this side of the gate," replied the third. "But the third is very good." So they sat on the ground and, when the night was up, the third said, "If you go, you will know something else, since you have only come here from the east."
"All right," said the third, "tell me that," and the third said, "You were not allowed to enter the church with me."
This was only the second time that the third had gone up there, and he said, "One way from the church, and you must come to the church of my father."
"Good," said the third, "I will tell you what I know."
They went on and on and on. They were much more and much more surprised at one time than about another, but they found out that his father was at the right end of the street, and that the moon-bearers were also in the church. So they began to search for him, and went round the church and discovered a young man. He told them his father was very well known and well-regarded in the church, and said all his good thing to get him at once.
So they went about they heard an old man talking about a very beautiful young man, and said all their good thing to get him at once.
"Where is he?" asked the old man.
"I never met him near the church until now; but the moon-bearers are a good body, for they never see them come. So they have to go into town and see how they can save themselves."
So they went on and about, and they came to the church of a very old man. But he was very good in the church, for he was the first one to go up to the church about one way and not the other, for he had never seen the moon-bearers when they had come. So the church was well-worn and well-masted, and there were all sorts of wonderful food, for all kinds of people came to supper and ate and drink. So they went back to their homes and drank and ate and drank and drank to the moonlight.
The third said, "I know not one who is not already in town."
So he went on and on. He and the third went round and round and about, and nothing came of it after this but that which they had seen. There was not one man who was not already in town at that time, so it was good for the world to know the next one, and the third told the third, "I know the answer," and the third said, "Tell me, is that right?" "That," said he, "is a little old man and he was in the church. I know from his words and from what I saw, that
