======== SAMPLE 1 ========
.
So far I have only met with a few people, but I am eager to meet with many.
So at that time I was able to get enough bread for a week.
We were in a large country on the south side of the river.
I went around the country with my father who was in the same boat, and when I caught up with him he said, "Well this is a big country, and I am sure we shall be well pleased about some pieces of bread.
The next morning and I was at my father's cottage, and when we saw the whole house occupied with men, men who were men, as they are, I thought it was a good day, for we were soon taken to our homes.
My father, however, was very eager to give his children the best and happiest birth, that he could find, and by the way the babies had been nursed to health, but all this it seemed to him was nothing but the labor of waiting for the most fertile children to come.
I had my own wife to give to me, and by some means I was forced in the name of a girl in her forlorn youth to go to the very place of the women's dwelling-house to look for bread.
But I was so glad to have my father's labour done that, having done this, I was taken to a great house where I had been given an abundance of bread in the first place.
I went to the great and very charming house, and after I was satisfied with the way that I had taken the bread I went to one room and saw that the only room was the one in which the mother's children were to be kept.
Some of the servants of mine came running out to meet me, and the mother's maid got in one of them, and we followed her and ate and drank and danced and merry-making all day.
Then the maid came in, and her daughter was dressed in her customary old clothes, and on her back she carried a little knife, and in the midst of some of her jewels was a large knife that was carried in the hands of the daughter's servant.
The mother's maid, as I remembered, was of old age, and said to me, "A lady's daughter, have you any children that can make use of such a thing?"
I said, "No," but she told me that she would have no one to give her any, if she were to give her a little of bread for the purpose.
I gave her a little of bread of all kinds, and her maid gave me such as to give my maid's children food from.
"Now when my child came to me, I thought that it was a good thing to go on to the country, but I did not think that I had my freedom, but I found that it was not like to go in order to eat so much food that if I had got out of my house for any other purpose I might have to take it with me."
So she gave her daughter some bread, and the mother's maid put it on her back, and while I was eating it I saw the children, who seemed to have lived in the same family with the mother's children.
I thought to myself that I could never tell them who had left me, and I did not consider any of them more a human being than that I had the same child, but I did not suppose that this was the same as the one for whom I took the bread that I had taken when I took it.
So I did not like to live in that house.
I went about about to my mother's house and after that my father was gone and the maids came in to meet me and tell me that the family of his family was to come for my little children to take care of. Now, that my father was gone, the maids were not to go out in that household, and I was soon taken care of and taken to the maid's dwelling-house.
The place was all well fitted out, for the women's rooms were well supplied. The garden stood in a great round garden, with an air-place, and a garden made out of a very pretty house, which the daughter of my mistress was glad to have.
Now if the maid's mother did not come again, I should not hesitate to kill a little child for a great purpose, and if she did, the maid's maid would have her daughter taken away to the place where the mother's children were to be placed.
The maid's sister said, "I do not see anything that is better than that for you to do, therefore I will have one or two of these little ones taken away. It would be better to have a little one, than that which the woman had put on one of the maid's maid's maid's children.
"But I have taken something which the woman gave me to give to my daughter's children, and
