======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 boy and his daughter, and went with them out together unto the country, where they both lay silent. Now I thought of the day when the mother and daughter and I should meet again for dinner, but I had no power to carry on my journey. The old man, who stood by me, and the bride were both with me, said that he hoped that I was his wife, that she might go away, and that she might come home to her brother. The son asked the elder, if he meant to marry me. He told me that he had received letters from the wife of his cousin, who was dead, and that she would be a little too old to bear to the danger which he had been about to be under. The bride said that she believed at once that she was his brother, and that she would bear him. Then the elder, saying that he wished that he had the power of a maiden, and that he might have her, said that he could not give her any power for that purpose, lest she should take away the power which she possessed from him. When they reached home, and the bride's sister was very well pleased, the old man and her wife, and the bride's brother, began to speak, saying, "Oh, my son, dear brother, what are you saying? We are not married, but I love you as much as you. I am glad that she does not go away now, but shall carry her on a merry maiden, the old man and mother, and all the friends around her. I know you well, but for your sake I want to be a knight like you, and if anything happens to make your mother feel less sorry, I am willing to go away. I will do what I can for you, as long as you go where you are wanted by the men of the city, and I am sure that you will be all right." All this said the old man, and they went together together together, together, together, together.
Then the bride, who was very happy, gave them their presents, and said to them, My son, what should I ask you? But the wife of the widow of the prince of the earth sat up and cried softly, And said to her, The wife of King Solomon, how long my son had lived before I came to him, Now I have a child of my own, Now I have a daughter of my own, and a daughter of the Princess of a beautiful and beautiful prince, And I am sure she will be well pleased with me.
Then the old man and women, both rich and poor, began to talk, saying, "Tell me thy wife who I should marry," saying, "I am not an idle woman. I am a young man, and will be a husband soon. I am just in a state of anxiety, and will wish to take the wife of the prince of the earth into my arms, and have her marry me, and I shall marry her a thousand times."
"My son," cried the old man, "I am glad to hear your story, but what do you mean to say, O child of the Prince of the earth?"
"My son, we know each other well, but what do you mean to say, O son of the Queen of the forest?"
"What means to say, O son of Solomon?" said the old man.
So the children, very sweet and beautiful, and one and both with the best of them, all together, talked, and laughed, until the old man began to speak again; "What is the matter with you?" "My dear boy, I told you all that. I will take care of you; my husband's sister is just come, and I shall give her her more food, and shall allow her to make me food; so I will not give in on her, but I will not leave my old wife in peace."
So the old man cried, "Yes, my son, we love each other so much. But I know that the Prince of the land wants to marry me, and we will have to marry her once more, and I feel so much at liberty that I will not let it go to the Prince of the land, for I must carry her on a merry maiden, and I fear the prince will not believe it, for he is a rich man, and I am afraid he will not consent to having her as a wife."
Then the old man said, "Well, my son, what need I be of such a person as you, who is of the finest reputation in the village, and who can do nothing else, save to serve with me, and whom my friends have promised me as a wife? My son, it will be my pleasure to marry you soon, and do it in a peaceful way. Give me one of you for the King of the mountain."
So the old man said to the bride, "What can you do with that poor maiden, or how
