======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 sorely enough for you?
"The Great One's a man who likes to take care if I don't kill him," the girl replied. And now she had this very thought? And it seemed, for a moment, that she felt obliged to make a good impression, so that she could feel quite right about giving you a little stick.
They had no need to go far in their adventure: the woman told them to stay in her hut so at once that her old friend might come and have some supper with them.
The one who stayed was a very nice old mother, and she told them to go to his place and take care with her when the man was away, and that they should carry them all with them.
The other was a fair woman, and had a good deal of fortune, having not been married at all; but now at the age of twelve a very fine young man named Cemurros came and took his place over him.
When he was gone, he told his wife to take her home to him, and after that he had a very fine supper, and a great deal of money; and was very happy there. But when he went to his home, he brought back all his old papers, and then he brought back his wife with me. We were at it on the third day of Christmas.
The next morning, though, the poor man was asleep when he went out to the market; and, after it had been three long nights, he said to himself, "Why does it take me so long to go to my fair, lovely friend?"
Now all the merchants had been asleep when he went away, for he did not believe his own story.
"I feel a certain way about being able to make any account of how great a good boy you are," said a big man to the poor man.
"And you have nothing else," said the big man.
And so the merchant did not believe his own tale but came up with a more plausible one, and told him something about how far the old man had travelled.
Now it was a long while before the poor man found a good fortune to have a good reputation, but now he was a very handsome person; and, as he went into his hut he came up with three big bags. All the merchants had their goods on them, and the young man made up a whole house for everyone in it, and also a good one for the old man.
"One," said the big man to the young man, "we are a very good family, and our son will be very well-fed when he grows up."
"But what about you?" said the rich fellow.
"Oh, no, but I have never wanted to take the rich man away from me," he said.
The small man went down and bought all the big bags of money, and said to the young man: "I know it is only a day, if you do not mind me telling you so. If you did anything but this, I can certainly believe that I am a fine woman."
"Yes," said the young man; "if I did not want to be a fine girl, why did I have to do it? It all makes me very happy here, all the time. I have taken care of my family and I take care of my own happiness very well. This whole place is such a beautiful thing, that I am so happy even to see the beauty that lies before me."
"It is much better that you go back than to the palace or your mother and sisters!"
"And you have everything here," said the man.
The young man and the old man went down and put the big bags together, made up all the household things, and brought back the whole house.
At last they got the fair and lovely one out of the hut, and said to her: "Don't give it up; let us have our money and be happy. The old woman will have it for us."
"If she was so lovely and nice, she would have taken us back to the palace," said the old woman.
After that the rich man came out and took the old woman into his house, and said:
"Now let us get a little girl and drink some wine again."
And then the poor man said to her: "Tell the poor man that we will drink our wine on the table and he will feel much better and he will go and drink it."
Then he went out and drank the wine all with the old woman, and the old woman knew that he was saying that, but thought he had made up an excuse.
"I will go and drink my wine again!" he cried; "if I am the true bride, and my husband is not, then I will die."<|endoftext|>This story appeared in The New York Times on May 18.

After years of disinheritance, the youngest of three daughters will inherit an inheritance far beyond
