======== SAMPLE 1 ========
And, as always, you are welcome to do as you may please; 
but you must find a way to hide. I think you must know where he is."


"Well, yes, you must tell the man to hide to his own way, and if he does not know where I am, he must go and find somewhere else, 
but as we are at work all the same, the poor fool is a bit more clever than we are." He drew up his coat, walked out the door, and he went into the store, and there he hid for some time longer, until, at last, he had the most cunning trick of all, 
which was to find another way to get out of the way of the thief. And he did it; the man found, and found himself out of the way, and so he sought the thieves' land, and so he had for ever. 


"You know I am not so wild," said he, "as to hide, and I fear for one thing, but if I am so wild and have a cunning trick, 
how long will you live?" 


"Oh, I think it's a long time to live," said the thief's servant. 
"Oh, yes, but if you do manage to do so with me, it is a little too long to live." 


The two men soon came back, and they went on day and night till they got to the house where the thief had, and the man. In the meantime they got food and some water out of the man's car, and he got off, went to go see where the thief was lying, and they came up to the roof, and there he found him.


"Oh, that's a dreadful sight!" said the thief's servant; "let me go and see how that's done." 



"So long and weary, so weary, come back and see how there's no sign of what I said!" said the man, and, laughing, he went back to his son, and they continued until the thief was going into the house all the same. 


"Wait!" 


"Come back as soon as we'll have supper, and tell us when we want to see if you get in the box and get some water in." 



The son answered, "Ah! yes, yes, I do; but if you do manage to get in, why not get the water out of my boy, that you can tell us what is going on?" 


The boy took the water to his mother, and when she got up and opened the box, they had so much water that it seemed to turn out black and the black, and when they tried again, they found that not one, not two, did get the water. So the boy went and hid for a while longer in his old mother's house, and when the mother was not there, the thief found out where his child was, and there he found him.


"It is all right! I will come back as soon as I got in the box, because you'll see," said the boy, and he went and hid in the room where his father lay; and when the father came forth and said, "Well, yes, yes, I'll come back as soon as I got in the box, because you'll see," the thief had nothing to hide about him; and when it came out of the closet where he lay, the door opened by the ladder and he got in the box; and when the father said, "Well, yes, yes, I'll come back as soon as, because you'll see," the thief had nothing to hide about him. 


At first not much money was left at his house, but the father came and said, "Well, you should stay for a while with me this time, unless you put an end to this, and I'll take care of the door." 


The father would not let him come in, and he said, "It's better to have an end than to get a whole whole." And the father said, "No, that's no use, since I'd better get you everything." So when the father came home, the door opened, and he got in the box, was found. So the thief didn't know where he was, so the housekeeper came back and said, "But, if you must hide, I'll get you anything and everything, and you'll be safe." So then he hid out of the room again, and the father told you of a secret he wanted you privy to, and he wanted you to give him everything.


When the father came home, he said, "This is very well, and I want you to help me. I want you to stay with me for three days, then I'll give you the most I can, whatever
