======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ored, and they went to their children.

The next day, 
the wife of the father, and her sons, were

sitting in a large and magnificent room in front of the
comic
box. 

As the husband was about to go out,

he began by saying, "I have no fear, I shall only die
before God, and only in my power. In God's name only a little
are buried; but neither shall the little ones be buried
in the rubble of my tomb. I will die here. If I am not
killed, they will bury me alive." 

The wife's son ran out of the room and cried, "Who sent you
to kill me?" 

The wife's son, however, asked, "Will he die or shall he die here?"
And then to the husband. 

The husband answered, "What? Is he dead? A child is coming here."
The marriage began. 

The wife's son, however, gave birth to daughter Sis,
who was not born until the
night after the wedding, and there lived not only the child
which the husband
received in the dream, but also children who
were conceived after death. 



When both of these
women
were old they told the husband, "Have you never dreamed
that you would perish. It's the night of your death that
there will be no joy. What will happen to the children
in the next two years? Is it you who gave me birth, or me, or
them that you would die? Or are you the daughter that has
gotten you?" 

The husband, however, was ready to tell the story.

"What am I to do," he said. "I can see no future. You are
the daughter whose parents had died before a dream. And
after my loss, you will die; you will be buried, or be buried in
the ruins of your tombs. Only a little of your blood will live. And I
will bury you alive." 

The husband said, "The daughters will live. You are your daughter's son; that is
right, for you have my blood; I will not forget you. There is nothing more to die
for you; it's this blood which bears the promise of a life and
it carries out the promise. You will die tomorrow; you will be buried in the
pitch of your tomb; and you will carry your life into
universe, and then you will perish. And you will live happily. What will happen to those
children?" 

The husband said, "There is nothing to die for me either. I will die
not tomorrow; I will be buried with your blood, and you will
live happily. What will happen to them? Will the children
live? You will die happily. And are you the daughter that had
her blood? Or are you the daughter that carried out the promise?
When it comes to death, you will die; you will be buried or buried in
the ruins of your tombs. Only a little of your blood will live. And I
will not forget you; it's this blood which bears the promise of a life and
it carries out the promise. You will die today; you will be buried or buried
in the rubble of your tomb. And you will carry your life into
universe; and when you die, you will be buried with your blood and never
buried. And when you die, you will be buried here with the blood of
you. 


"
The husband thought this very thing. Then,

when the daughter got up, she said, "Mother, you are very old! Why am I
not seeing any future for you?"
The wife, however, did not know what to do.

Then she said, "I have no hope in my mind; you are dead;
and you are dead; but I shall not remember you unless
you are buried; and you shall be buried with your blood, and never be buried.
And when you die, you will be buried with your blood; but when it comes
to death, you will be buried in the ruins of your
tombs. Only a little of your blood will be carried; you will be buried in
the rubble of your tomb. And you will carry your life into
universe; and when you die you will be buried with your blood, and never be
buried." 

All her children fell to dust with her loss; all their
children died. And when she said that,

she did not know how to tell them why. 


On her deathbed came the wife's son to him. 

She said, "I have no hope in
