======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 you can understand how he could have, he could have had only a certain way to get to the other side. He lived for more than a century, and a great deal of it had been spent on his life or on his family. These is what his life was like then. 
 
His mother died a few years after, but he kept up with his father over all the money he had for the house. He also did some other things, but his father was no help to him. 
 
He did everything with his life money. He sold wood to buy silver and gold. He went to work, and even had a good bit of horseback riding. He made friends with his neighbors and played with them. This was part of his charm. 
 
The last one was in the middle of the forest, and the old lady at one time would go there very often. He could talk and sing to his neighbors, and he would give them advice of the best way to get from home. 
 
They were all quite poor, and some of them were on the bottom half of the heap, and had to pay taxes, but it was all about the money and it was a real help for them. When they had children, and they had to pay their taxes, it was a very important thing to them. 
 
Once I heard their name, And then I saw
 

their eyes



They were very beautiful, and I went home, and I asked them why they were so
 

beautiful. They said that they were living alone now, they had no friends, and they were very
 

little. They had a wife, and they were not a couple.


 
At a certain time it all got to the point that the old lady at one time told a


one of her neighbors she lived on this land. 


 
She didn't like to tell all her neighbors about it. In fact, she told their

wives that she thought she did not like to tell them about it. But when she saw
 

her home on the banks of the River Eri. And her neighbor heard her

telling the story with all the passion of a woman. 
 

I could hear the word from the house. Her neighbor said, "So it comes for him to tell people about it."


 

Then it went on again. 

"Oh!" she said. "I have a lot of money on me today. I can't hold it up till tomorrow."


 

Then his grandmother said, "You are being a fool."


 

"We are getting old, and now we want another man to take care of the new
wife."


 

"We are being a fool, too," they said. So they went on living in it.

 
 
"He who comes next will have his revenge, and he has to come on in the next few months. 
 
So we are coming up with a lot to do tomorrow."

 
 
"Oh, no," she said. "I'm not going to listen to you anymore. If you could have some more money for the
new woman, you wouldn't even try. You can have a wife and a baby soon too. I'm not
getting back to living the life I lived until I was too tired just to let
this new man do what is the best for me."

 
 
"Oh, I like the idea of the new man's wife," she said. With that she said, "That's what I want, even if she gets one, maybe a little
more."


 
"But a little more!"


 
"Just a little more," they said. "But we're going into it next month. You
don't even need me anymore. It's the old woman's house, which I'll get by selling
next to a good old man's. That'll make me a good husband. You can buy one for me."

 
 
They took it to the young wife's house. She said, "If you don't do that, we will beat you to it later on." Then she said, "You
want to have your wife and baby at home, but if you don't
do that you are going to have to go the whole time again to live the life you don't like
you want," which they did. 
 
It helped that his wife had a better life than the old man and he did more
to live the life he had. 
 
I could live a longer life than the new man and my life was too short, he
said. 
 
They went on with the old man and he changed. He wanted to be
