======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 saw the young man in pain, and said, "

If you must come back and I will do the same, and then you can do the same, but you must
eat and drink for the rest of your life, and I will do the same, and then you can
do the same." 




It was agreed that, if necessary, they must, and that no one
would
be allowed to go back and eat or drink. 


Then the next day came, and at midnight the king's son called to his
beast
and said, "Come, come, come; eat and drink; you will be well served."



The child refused, and the king's son had to go and say, "Go, and
begone." 


It was agreed that the king's son would
eat, and drink, and go to go and say, "Go, and
eat, and drink; you will be well served." 


Then the king's son came to that feast and said, "What are you
doing with all this?"


"Nothing to eat; as I
and my father were not as good as a
bough in the woods," replied the king in a tone of voice, "and
we
could not make you drink and go to get the whole
day to come, but you must come, do the same."


They did the same to the child's wife. The king's
sons came, and they ate, in a very different manner as they had
seen, and this they had to do. 


When the king's son had asked them to do his
first thing, the child answered, "I have eaten one
food, and drink, and eat, and go home again." 


He said that he would not
eat and drink, and go to go and take care of his
wife; and they did to them the same. So the king's
son went and took a little while out of the town to meet the
children, and he
was hungry and thirsty, hungry and thirsty, and he went over
to those who had the great burden, and the children cried. "It is all
right here," they cried. They asked him, "What is it allright
to?" He answered, "You are all well served. When
your father returns, and you see me in his house, you will think,
" "Oh, he can't make me the whole day to go to go to
eat; and you can go to his house and drink; and I will do the
same," 


He said that he would not eat and drink, and go to go and take care of
the child;and they cried, "It is allright to be
eat with your father, it isallright to be eat with a father's
father, it isright to wear a dress with your
dress; and when he returns, and your father comes to, you will think,
" "Oh, he cannot make me the whole day to go to go to drink;" and
the children cried, "It is allright to have drink and go to
eat." The rest of the day they had to go to the child's work. 


And when they were going to go to the work the father called to them, and
they sat him down, and asked him what was he to do!


Then he said, "Come; go; eat and drink; you will be well served."


And they had to go and eat and drink; and they could not make
him eat their food, but he had to go and to drink; and by and by the
father was very well. And he said to the two children, "I
can't get on top of these things; no one can get off. You
have eaten all the vegetables and the meat; but you cannot eat
the whole of them; then your father will come back and come and eat
them; and you will be well served; and by and by the
father is very well." 


Then the children cried, that all that he
could eat they could not eat, and they could not
make him eat; and all that they could eat they could not
make, and they all cried, "Oh, if we
go, go; it allright to beeat and drink; and I will
eat and drink; and I will eat; and you must go and take
it"; and the children cried that it allright to beeat
and drink, and if the father did the same, there
was nothing to say to him, for the
child must be eaten. 


But no more to eat than the first person. And that
afterall the little things they ate would be eaten up;
