======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 was a girl. 
 
"Now you must learn to take as much as you can; it is your duty to keep a good watch on her. You cannot beat her at her game unless you break her fingers." 
 
"You were right when you said I had to beat you at your game," answered the girl. 
 
Now the old lady must, of course, give the finger just as a good thief, but it is not enough." 
 
Then she took the girl, so much so that she asked a servant to take her. She found her and he took one from her and ran her away. But when they came to a lake and went to see her, they saw the little girl. The servant who got hold of her was quite frightened, but she kept on, and he kept on with her. 
 
"It was my turn," said she. "I have to obey you."  
 
That was the end of the servant, and now he was a monster. The old lady must have given his finger something else; but again it was her turn.  
 
She said, "Give me my finger if you will."  
 
When the old lady saw it, she took her hand, and ran in and stood by her, and she thought to herself, "If I didn't have taken her, I would have got all her jewels."  
 
Then she tried her best to get on the old maid's shoulders, and she had no luck. "Don't lose your fingers," says she. "Just stand back from me, and if I don't do something, you will be gone by then. If you do it, take them in your right hand, and you will see."  And she took the old lady's finger.  
 
When they came home to the cottage, the old lady had forgotten how to take the hand. But he came at the cottage one evening, so he had to go. He had hardly got down before the little girl had a look around herself. And, when she looked round, he took a hand and ran along with it. When the old lady saw it, she looked round in fright. When she saw that it was her finger, she went away and took the hand, but she only had one ring on it, and it was very ugly.  
 
So the old lady was obliged to run by herself all the time that she went, and when she came home again, she had lost all the jewels. "Now the little girl has one ring on it, and as for me, I must take it off from her."  
 
"But do you mean the necklace?" asked the servant.  
 
"I don't know."  
 "But what about the necklace?" said the girl.  
 
"Well, then," said he, "but what is it that the old lady takes?"  
  
"Oh, I don't know," cried the girl. "Now, look, I can be a thief only if I break her fingers, and if then someone who knows my tricks is to be found, it's not necessary that I should give her my finger. But, if you tell me the necklace, I will give you two."  
 
"Oh, how bad things have got," said the old lady. "My daughter has two."  
 
So she took her hand and run to the cottage with it; but what did he want for it and where did he find it? The old lady took the necklace from her.  
 
"Look! you must be wearing a necklace!" she cried.  
 
"Good luck," cried the old lady; "we must go far away to find another one."  
 
Then she took the necklace. And she ran across the road with it, and when she came to a beautiful girl, she ran so fast she was driving at a stop. The old lady took the necklace and ran off.  
 
And she went round.   
 
"Why did you want me to take your necklace?"   
 
"That was the first thing the master gave me when in his old age. If I had taken it I would have gotten the jewel. But I took it away only after he had given me his finger. And, now I can see if it's a necklace if he gave me one of his rings, but now I can see how the necklace is worth."  
 
So the whole whole house was so delighted and proud that none of them let it go. "I see there is a beautiful little girl, a good mother, and a lovely father," said the old lady.  
 
So she went and knocked on the
