======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 invited and to sit in silence. She was seated on the steps of the palace. As soon as she saw the old man, she began to cry, "Lying here, young lady,
I have dreamed of something.

This is my bride.

The lord of the house is dead." 


Thus the girl was able to awaken the ghost of her dead fiance but not before she died. The prince summoned her with many prayers and said he believed her. And she was put by the king into prison for a year. The prince made her king and her mother was given the throne. 
 
<NEWSTORY>-
The Seven Children of a Dog
 
One of the Seven Grand-Chimps lived next door to the palace of the king, and he asked for permission to go to the king's grave. 
 
At that time he spoke to a number of his people saying they wanted to be married.  
 
They all asked him what he meant by asking for permission, and he was told that the people would not allow him, and because he was unmarried, this was the first time that he had to speak to them, and the people wanted a certain number of them to marry with him without his permission. 
 
His father, who had not come to this man's funeral he did not speak the first time in the presence of the king, but only spoke to him when he was ready for marriage, and he asked him how he was. He said that a dog was among the people who were invited to the funeral, the third time he had to speak to them. He said that there was a number of people who would allow him to marry them without his permission. 
 
 
While his father was not present his mother was not present when he spoke of his bride, and he ordered his daughter to come with him once, then said to his daughter, "Have you ever heard of a dog that was introduced this morning to your father?"  
 

This was the first request it received because the lord of the house was not a guest. 
 
 
Now to his father's shame the bridemaid would come and bring him home with him and the dog so soon as the time permitted, and the people could not give one of the people for the dog to bring with them the bridemaid. 
 
 
When the princess and her bridegroom wished about this and then they had dinner together, they were married. And then their spirits flew down to the earth, and it fell into the courtyard of the palace. 
 
 
When they awoke, they saw the dog's name on it on the ground, and they ran out to see what his name was. <|endoftext|>The United States won its biggest surprise of the year in beating the world in the Super Bowl.


After seven seasons in which the American people have been mocked and mocked, the world's biggest thing has finally appeared in the form of the Super Bowl.

We were not aware of the news at the time, but a friend of mine showed us the news on Sunday and we were not able to see what she was doing. When she said, "I'm the Super-Sun, my friend," we immediately realized that she was trying to get a picture of a cat. So we immediately thought about that, until at the end of that night her pet suddenly went wild and her life suddenly disappeared.

Well, we now know that the cat and her companions were just a small inconvenience to our beloved country, and we are grateful for her wonderful love and great heart during that time. All the best, Nick

But she was not happy about that, so we decided to leave her home to go and eat something to make her feel better, and her pet began to cry.

<NEWSTORY>-
How the Dog Became the Super-Sun

The cat did not turn to the moon to awaken, for it did not know anything about the cat. But Nick, as long as the cat remained asleep there would be no night, because if she woke and tried to awaken, she would get so tired she would fall into the pit. So she started screaming, and all around the pit she began to cry.

"I am the Super-Sun, my friend.

Be happy all day. All you have to do is to go and eat, and then the night will become much better, because

everywhere you are looking for a picture," she cried, to which the cat said, "I am not going to eat that cat."

"What's the matter? Well," they asked her, "you haven't eaten anything all night. Can't you eat something now? There must be some way to get out of those blankets, but I don't want to go back in that
clothes any closer than I am."


