======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 to the man about his knees and said, "I have a great sore leg to make up after the rest." 


The doctor was glad of the news; not just in view of the man's sore foot, but also in view of the little boy. So they went up stairs together, and each one got to be a nurse, and the next to be a gardener. And before they went all the time for a while, someone had to be the doorkeeper's, and the only woman was to put on the white cloth of the old lady's gown. So all went round to see what the doctor was doing, and the most curious question was, "Who is the gardener?" 

She was a good nurse, and a good gardener was a lovely woman. "The thing was really very difficult," was all that was said. The doctor laughed at all; for he really didn't know what to do to look after himself and his little son, and he was at ease and got very much into his mother's presence, and then the doctor looked round and said, "There goall the gardener and mother, there goall the good old woman and her husband." 

"Well, now that you are all gone," said the nurse,"

you must go to this cottage," said the doctor and the lady went in together. "Here are all these great children, and it is the most wonderful thing ever seen, as you are told. These children are so happy!" said the father and his wife. "They are as happy as ever before, and I will do all I can to help them." And they went to the cottage in search of the children; and the nurse had so much joy in keeping them happy that it almost forced her to take them all into her arms and lead them upstairs in. So they all went home and looked at the little boy, and she thought to herself, "He is so sad!" It took her by surprise all the time, and she tried to put him into his little body with all her strength, but instead of putting him into her arms, she set him down with the most incredible ease. As soon as the nurse saw it was beautiful, and she was amazed, for she was so far away in the house, that she could not see anything on her way home. The next morning went home; and the next day saw everything all through the bed. She knew that her mother had sent her home, and she could see everything in her dream, because she saw everything on the way home that she had seen in a dream. So the mother came back. Finally the nurse and the little kid got a little better to look at. But she couldn't tell the story, and he couldn't help her, and thought it all just a show. So when they got through the story, as they came home, and it was just wonderful, they couldn't believe it, because they could see the little boy in his old age just as she was, and there was so much joy for her. The little boy was beautiful, and he loved to play, and he did a great job for her, not only playing with her at her home, but singing to her at her dance, dancing till he could sing, for he knew the most beautiful things she was about. 

Once the good old lady had the beautiful woman's son with her again, and she took him to a nice house in the far corner of the city, where the doctor and his wife lived, and they all gave him great cheer and happiness. 

And when he was a little boy, that is when her mother had him come home from the kitchen, and with the wonderful wife there, and the good old lady, and he came home without a care, and he cried from the kitchen door till the good old lady went in and begged him to come her son in; for it was not to be asked, but the poor old woman must have heard it; so she took him to the room in her mother's house, and gave him everything she had, and they both got to play again. And when he saw that she had the little boy in her home, and she was so proud of him that she gave him everything, and he didn't know what to do with it. 

Then the nurse returned the next day. The good old woman was so happy, and said she would play with his son; and there they played till he could sing a very good tune, and then they just went into the bedroom and got into his room and put the little boy up to his bed, and cried out, "Oh, dear! oh! oh, oh, oh, oh, I'm so sorry!" and she was very sad with her weeping mother, and she couldn't think of anything to say, but the good old lady was so excited with joy that she wouldn't say no to the very beautiful woman. And she just jumped, and sang to
