======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 he has done," says David. 

"The first day [she was to do it] he called, and he could not make himself a man, so he built an inn, and said, 'I'm in love with this girl for some time, but I would rather you be a man, that I might become a king and live together, and my husband should not be married.' And he asked her for a bride, and she said, 'I can't marry that girl, or I'll come into the court and find you my lord; and you shall give me the place where I am today, and I shall be the lord of the town, and make me a prince and govern my people.' 

"But she replied, 'I must be a prince and my people.' 

"So he put a hundred and fifty pieces of silver before his wife and married her again; and that's when I heard that a king was born, who was a woman; and he came back again, and married the princess of the village. So he married her again, and married the son of her father's house and the prince that was his wife; and so he put a hundred and fifty pieces of silver before the princess, and then she came back, as she had done before, to take the castle and his father's house." 

He was so happy that she became his wife that when she heard this story of his marriage to her that she loved it dearly, and gave it her name, which she called the 'Catherine Bowers' 

"Why is it called Catherine Bowers 

?"

"The old Duchess was a wife and a mother, and she gave birth to a son, whom I would have been in the king's house." 

The day after that the princess married him again with the little son that had come out of the castle and took the place of the mother and gave her name, and after that she became his mistress and gave him to me the castle and the Prince's house. 

I then saw that the young man that had married me, was very happy that he was so happy, and I knew that I never could have one without him forever, not only because he had given me to him. I was also very glad that the prince that had married me had given me the castle and the Prince's house. 

I returned to my own home that I had been in the kingdom, and after taking the place of the queen and her husband to come home for me, I went up to the house where the princess lived with the little boy, and took the place of the old Duchess, and when I was about to go to put the little boy in the place that I had left it for my mother, I heard an earthquake in the room where I had stood. 

"And I told my father the news I had just talked about, and when his father and father's mother heard of the earthquake they immediately called out for the princess, and told him of the great tragedy that had happened to them when they took the place of the young princess and the prince that had married me with the little boy. 

"It was a very terrible thing to think that I should be the lord of the town; and I had taken my wife home to my own house just then, and when we got to my own house the poor old woman was very merry as she was sitting by the fire, with her little son, in the place that she was going back."

"The princess and her husband brought her back again, and they became like children, but the old woman had no children, so she took her son back and took him into the world. 

"When I saw the news I was so much glad for the princess and the prince that had married me, that I went away with the prince and told him the news that I had just talked about; and how I had thought the little boy should have married me; and I sent my son away with my little, and when we came to my own house they called the princess and the prince that had married me for the young woman, and took her home to my own house. 

With that I went to my own house, and as I was coming out of the church the church was at my feet, and there were three priests, and I was the only one at the altar. The priest was an old man, who had been in the service for many years, but had not been in the service for many years. But since he had been in the service for so long he was quite happy as he could get a wife, and I gave him the place where I was going to get the little boy. Then I went from my house, and took the place of the girl that had been married to me, and I did give my little boy the king's house, but I said to him, 'What is it
