======== SAMPLE 1 ========
: 

What kind of dog would have been in such a state to have the strength of a man who was so easily 
captured by a lion? 
 
But the question asked the question which came up. 

When he had looked up at the lion in the tree, the dog saw 
it, for he was very fast. This was quite clear to him, and 
he would have said that the lion is good 
good. 

"Good," said the lion. "Well, then, be it so. You are very 
fast." 
"Just like me," said the lion. 
 "That one was the lion." 
 
Then the dog said, "Who else is the lion than you, for he 
represents so well to you as a lion?" 
 
"Yes," said the lion. "He was the Lion's Master. He brought the 
gift and sent the bull to the gate until the dog could get the 
lion out of the tree and bring him as quick as he could." 
 
So the lion returned and said, "If this is you, then you may have 
a lion, for it will be better for you to live in the 
forest by yourself. 
 
"Good, then, then you must have a lion," said the dog. 

"Yes, I must have a lion," said the lion. "He would have made your 
house proud when you lived in the forest. My house would be proud 
for the lion who saved you." 
 
So the lion returned and said, "Now I have my tiger; so what good 
thing is it!" 
 
The lion returned and said, "Good, then, what is it 
that you want to make me proud of?" 
 
So the lion said, "Yes, I will make you proud if you kill me and 
set your house on fire." 
 
They agreed to do this, and that is what they had done. The tiger 
was killed and the house burned. The dog brought one more dog to 
work to destroy the house. So then they made some provisions 
for the lions, and took out some dogs and the lion, for that was 
great. 
 
"Better, then, to make me proud," said the tiger. "Your house 
must look into the forest for our dogs." 
 
So the two dogs made their way through the wood, and the tiger 
wiped the lions' house, leaving the dogs alone. When the lion saw his 
fox hunting it he said, "That dog was one of the lions." 
 

So with the fox there was a great dog to keep a lookout for the lions. He 
walked through the forest for a short time and saw them all 
on the right and left, and he would say, "There 
was one lion and his dog, and I will look into the forest for it. I will 
get a lion, for the dog is one of the lions." 
 
Then the lion would say, "Oh, my fox, that is good!" He called out, "The 
dog is the lion." 
 
Then two foxes climbed up to the wall and cried, "A lion!" 
They had no food but their dogs and it was very sad. As many 
words they said, "Give the lion's tail to the dog's tail, I will 
kill you, because my dog will kill the dog's tail." Then the 
dog took the paw of the wolf and said, "Give me my tail, my dog! 


<NEWSTORY>-
The Lion and Fox: 

A Lion and Fox

The lion hunts lions. He wants his tail to go up to the dog. He 
makes sure there is another lion there. He hunts them with 
his tail. He would like the tail to be a lion. However, though he 
knows it well with his own eyes, he may be too 
lion or 
fox, for a lion in which his tail goes up to the fox. 
 

Then he hunts them. He always finds one to go up and 
find the dog. He looks into the forest for their 
dog to eat. He might say that he found there a 
dog, or some other canine, but that it is a lion. He 
puts his tail on the lion 
tail, and they tell him, "Go up and kill your cat." 

When he gets a lion from the fox, he asks what it is 
with
