======== SAMPLE 1 ========
."

The old man saw the little girl

Slang for 'The Little girl,' was a word that the
folk used to have. He looked round, and he saw his little
little daughter, and he thought to ask his mother what she thought. But
he did not know, and he said they had a bit of gossip
in the kitchen about a little girl's dress and her little
lack of proper clothes.

Next morning, when he had gone at the
second and third light, his little daughter cried out in anger
and said to him, "My dear boy, give me a piece
of bread, and do as I please, and I'll take care of my little
daughter."

His wife put on her little gown, and said, "Don't get married before
you find out, for it will take all your life to get married."

When the old man sat down to eat, a golden-tree was standing on
his tree, and the first thing that his wife said was, "I won't be
feeling so sad to be honest. Now give me a bit of
money, and I'll take care of my little daughter."

There was no answer, nor did he speak anything.

The little girl was very sad, but all he could say was, "Give me a
piece of bread, and I'll take care of my little daughter."

The old man went to his house and said, "My good wife! I'm
pursuing the next step. Give me a gift of some kind."

The old man sat there talking as soon as he got
out of his chair, with the poor little girl crying, "Give me a gold-plated
golden-tree, on which you are to draw the stars," and
he said to his wife, "Give me a piece of wood, and I'll make the
little girl clean."

The old man took his wooden spoon, and said to the little girl, "Give me
of a gold-platedgolden-tree," "Give me a piece of gold-plated
golden-tree," as a gift.

She said, "Let me give her gold-platedgolden-tree," and said
to him, "What do you wish for? What do you wish for
for me?"

The old man said, "Your dear daughter, give
her a piece of wood, and I'll take care of my little
daughter."

The little girl was happy, and she went home.

That evening the old man, when he sat down to eat, went to the garden; and
the golden-tree, on which to draw the stars, was standing on a
tree he did not know. The old man said, "Give me a piece
golden-tree, and I'll do as I please, but give me a piece
of wood, and I'll take care of my little daughter."

The young woman said to her husband, "Your little
daughter will be well pleased with you."

The old man sat on the bed, and she cried a lot, and said, "Give me
a piece of food, and I'll take care of my little daughter."

Her husband gave her a piece of food, and he called her, "Give me a
piece of wood, and I'll make the little girl clean."

The old man said, "Your little daughter, give
her a piece of wood, and I'll take care of my little
little daughter."

The old man went to his house and said, "Give my dear
daughter a gift of some kind. We have the golden
tree on our tree," and he said, "This good old woman, you
should give me a piece of gold-platedgolden-tree, on which to draw the stars."

The little girl, on her head, thought, "What do you wish for," and said, "
what do you wish for me?"

The old man took his wood spoon out of the basket, and said to the little
girl, "Give her goldplatedgolden-tree, and she will clean."

Once he finished saying this, he said to her, "Give me
me a piece of wood, and I'll take care of my little
daughter."

Upon hearing this, she turned round and gave out a large
flesh.

The old man then asked, "What do you wish for me?"

The next day the old man came back with a large part of
gold, and he said to her, "Give me a piece of wood,
and I'll take care of my little girl."

The little girl, on her head, thought," What do you wish
