======== SAMPLE 1 ========
day a great deal of time before the wind. On the road to the house, the wind blew out an enormous gale, so he went a little bit beyond its horizon and saw that there was a huge large hole. 
  
"What are you doing here?" asked the boy suddenly looking behind him on the way out. 
 
"No," said the boy. 
 
"I am going to make you pay," the boy said.  
 
And so he did. He brought the child out into the hole, and the wind blew through to him a hole that was the size of a house. 
 
"Where are we going," cried the man. 
 
"If you don't pay today and all I want will be to make a little fortune," he said, looking behind him on the way out. 
 
Just then the wind blew on the boy again, and he was struck by a great light. When he took the light for a second he saw that a hole was also there. He walked out of the hole, and in that he saw the large hole, and in the end he was on his feet. Then the wind blew him again again again, and he found himself standing in the same hole on his feet again. He walked back to the old man, and he saw that the house was now a big one. 
 

He saw that the old man had died, too, and the big hole in him, in the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the holes he was standing in and out of, where the house stood. He saw that she was now in the hole next the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole tomorrow," 

 
Then he walked across the hole again, and he saw the large hole again, with it there was a large one there. 
 
The big thing stood in the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next to the hole next
