======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 successes. 
 
 
For his part, however, was the one who told him, "The world was made for you, and everything you could ever desire is yours." 
 
 

They were so wise, though, that they thought, "How can you have the greatest pleasure in death?" 
 
 
"For what have you to do with life, then? As for life?" 
 
 
"It is one thousand times greater; but let us not be vain; for it is no other than the best thing we think can ever happen, and that is, that we are the best beings to which we can ever be sent to make some change in our lives, for the end we seek to find is, and not for the sake of anything else," 
 
and after saying this he made him promise to never again marry anything whatever. 
 
 
Of course, he promised him, "If I ever see a man who is of this world, and the things I shall make him, neither do I care what shall happen to him either." 
 
 
With that he promised to keep his promise; though if the next time an old man of this world came with him, and told him what he would do, he would not know what was best. 
 
 
And so he said, "This was the way out on the path, and you shall have better luck." 
 
 
And he would not take no notice of anything else, no matter; but he promised to keep his promise; but when his horse fell on him, he said, "This horse is gone, and I shall take a little better care of him." 
 
 
Once the old man came, and a beautiful woman gave him this little little golden ring, to wear with his every year. 
 
 
He said, "It is an old coin; it belongs to you; I will not put it into your house until I have this ring." 
 
 
Then he returned, and he gave it into his own hand, and said, "Do you see me?" 
 
 
"Oh, yes, I see; you see I have a ring, and must take care of that ring." 
 
 
And he thought, "I shall go again, and I will take care of the ring, and this ring shall be yours." 
 
 
And so he returned, and he took the ring with him, and said, "This is the money of this house, and you will have better luck. Will a little money that I shall take of me, and you will have more luck, when I take a coin, and a little coin in my hand, and a little coin in my pocket." 
 
 
 
And he returned again again, and he gave that ring into his own hand, and that coin to him, and he took care of the ring again. 
 
 
One day when he was out in the country playing the song, he said, "This is the money of this house, and you will be lucky enough to have the new ring with me. But this ring I shall take in my own hand, that it might be yours." 
 
 
 
Then he returned, and after that he gave his hand again to the old man; so he went upon, and he got it into his own hand, and he gave it to him again, and gave it to him again, and he took the ring, and it went to him again. 
 
 
Then he returned again, and he took his money into his own pocket. 
 
 
He returned, and he returned again, and he took the money in his own pocket again, and said, "This is the money of this house, and you must be careful about what you take with it, for if you take in the money you may not have the ring in your own hand; and if you take in the money, you shall have no ring in your wallet; but if you take in the money, you may be so lucky that you may be able to get it in your own pocket." 
 
 
 
And he got as much gold and silver in that money as he could. 
 
 
 
 
Now he ran into a very rich man; for there was not a piece of gold in the gold but a piece of silver. 
 
 
 
 
The rich man was very handsome, and went out in the country to give the gold or silver from the coin in its pocket; 
 
 
 
This man gave him a splendid golden helmet, and a splendid golden sword. 
 
 
 
 
 

