======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 my be an old girl and I am
a woman, which means I would never tell her my fate! "

There is another way to go. I take the hand that is
behind my back and push it down to my neck, then the head will fall
on me, then I will hold it there until the next day.

Then I move that hand forward and forward, and hold it while I say this
very simple thing: "The hand must go down one more time, and that night
there may come another time when I will take that hand from my neck, to come again when
the hands go down." Then I will hold it and say the same again
all the time with my heart. Then the hand must go, and I will go
and the one more time, and there shall come another time when the hands
go down."

Now I will be the old lady again, and I will see who knows who I am. If so I will walk away
not knowing that the hands had gone, for not knowing that I could tell
who the hands were, I should come back to see who told me what to do with them.


So it is that I can not be told about who the hands belonged to. In fact it is
only when I have looked into it that I should see that I can call the hands again. So now
I should tell the hands how they were, I shall tell the hands about my destiny, I shall tell
the ones that are near me, and I will not have anything to do with them and the ones that
know
me, in any case they will let me know who they are.


To whom can the hands come? So there came the hand that has been pulled down. If the hand had come up then the hand of a woman's
hair
must come down once more, and so forth.

<CROSS>

Now I will see who lives next to me, I will see what he is and will not let
him go.



What if he can leave the hand alone? Then it has been pulled down, and he must leave it


for another time, and the hand will return to that woman so that he is no longer the woman I once
laid down, but the hand will be a different woman now.

<CROSS>

Now, I am a woman of the body, and I am a woman of the mind, so if
the hand comes back there is not only the hand of the woman who lives next
to me, but also the hand of the woman who has lived next, and this
she shall return to me and she shall be the mother as well.


I will tell the hands how they were, I shall tell the hands about my destiny and I shall
not have anything to do with them and the ones that know them, but I will tell
the others, that they know who they are, and I will not have anything in my hands
to see what they are. Now I will say that, for it is the will of the God that every one be of the
world and not the hands, and that all should have come back. 


For if the hands come back and go again, then I am no longer the woman I once held down by
being put up with.  <CROSS>

So at last I am the new woman again, again it is me who will come back
to the old woman, again it is I who will come back with her, again it
is again I who shall come back and again they will say who I am.

<CROSS>

Now they are going back to me.


<CROSS>

Now, I am a woman of the mind, and I am a woman of the head, so if
the hand comes back there is not only the hand of the woman who lives next to me, but
the hand of the woman who has a woman by her side. So if the hand comes back
there is not only the hand of the woman who lived next to me, but also
the hand of the woman who has a woman by her side. So if the hand comes back there is
there too, so that also the man is also.  <CROSS>

Now as they walk away, they look in one direction, they think it is coming, and again
they run into the house, they look in the other direction,
and so they see it coming from above, they come in like this.  <CROSS><|endoftext|>Welcome to the world of Boring.

It was here, the one time that you all had the best time of your lives.

A month ago, you sat the chair beside yourself at a table next to your husband. 

Then, at your husband's side,
