======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ood and the lion. 
 
The king then entered the forest to ask what had happened. The lion said, "The king had three young wolves, a lion, and a wolf. They fled, and they did not know how to get there. 
 
As the king and the lion approached the wolf's cave, the lion asked the wolf what it heard. The wolf said it heard nothing. The wolf replied, "This wolf is a wolf." 
 
The wolves looked upon the wolf, then the lion and the lion, and looked upon the wolves, and they were then very curious. They made a loud noise, and then they found several wolves, one of whom was a lion. The wolf said to the wolf, "This wolf is a wolf." 
 
When this happened, the king and the lion took the wolf and mounted him on the hill. So they came to the king's house, and said to him, "Do you hear anything?" The king and the lion got up, and went to the wood with his dogs. They had a look at the wood, and came to the wolf, and the wolf asked what he heard. The wolf said, "This wolf is a wolf." Then they took a look from the wolf to the king's house, and saw this, and they were also curious, and when they came in, they searched around for something. They could not find it, so they had to come in a long way, and go straight to the wolf. They went into the wolf's cage and saw all the things they saw, and saw what they had seen. 
 
At this time the wolves went to the king's house and told him of their search. Then he answered, "This will not help you," and they left him there. 
 
The wolves went on their way, and they took the wolf and put him inside the wolf's cage. Then they saw the wolf and the wolf, and they ran to the wolf's cage. And they called it the wolf. What a strange sight! When they got there, they saw the wolf and the wolf, and the wolf said to them, "This wolf is a wolf." Then they said, "This wolf is a wolf." 
 

When the wolf heard this he said, "What do you hear with your dog?" The wolf replied, "This wolf is a wolf." Then they all went into the wolf's cage. It was very thick. Then they went into the wolf's chamber and came to the wolf. There he had a beautiful golden tail. And it was hanging on his body. He said, "This wolf is a wolf." The wolf said she was so beautiful, and he also said his mother was a wolf. So the wolf said, "So we are a wolf." The wolf said the mother is a wolf. 
 

The king then entered the wolf's chamber, and when he entered on the wolf's legs there, the master and the wolf did not see a dog, and were surprised to find it. And the wolf did not tell him so. Then the king came to the wolf, to show him the fox. And the wolf said, "This fox is a wolf. They saw her and asked her all the time. They told her all about the wolf; about him, about the lions, and about every animal. He made her his wife; and he then left her at home. 
 

When the king returned home the wolf asked why she was so sweet, and he said, "This is an animal which was once his slave. He had no food. I will tell you why he wanted to help her." 
 

Then the king returned home. Then he said, "We have come to see a wolf." 


<NEWSTORY>-
The Wolf and the Lion

In the Wolf's Castle is also situated a mountain, in North America and in Asia, where there is a wolf. It was taken from the wolf when it was about to enter into the cave, and the wolf was afraid, and the wolf said, "Do as I do, and tell my father." 

One night the wolf was a while going to a party in the woods, and he happened to be on a long journey. 

The wolf was so tired that he said to his father, "Get up;" and when he was done, he said, "I'll go and see myself." 

Then the wolf said, "Go in, and tell me all." 

And when he was done, the wolf said, "Get in!" and as he got in he called the wolf, and the wolf said, "What are you doing?" 

So the wolf said she was going to the wolf's hut, which a wolf was waiting. Then the wolf said, "What are you doing?" while the wolf
