======== SAMPLE 1 ========
the story so true," he said.


"Very true indeed!" exclaimed the woman, "but where was I to find out such a story, and how can I come to such an end?"


"The man said you must go home now," asked the man, sitting on his feet.


"I have a wife and a son to marry; and you must, besides, be a good husband, for so is the man."


"And so is the son," said the other. "I want to marry you. There you can go and work, as I do."


The man was a very good man, and he did not believe that he meant any harm to his wife and their two children.


"The man is a good man," said the woman, "and he does not mean anything bad to anyone."


"I will marry," said the woman, "and when he goes home I shall, as soon as possible, and I will tell my children to be well fed, and everything will be well and easy; then they need not worry, for if I am not careful, no good will come of the man. The wife will be fine, and her children would enjoy every bit of everything. The husband is well fed, and he has plenty of money. He is good-looking, and that is all I would like to know."


"I cannot say," said the woman. "I have always looked at things with great curiosity, and never thought of this myself. I have known, even to the last, of a husband's great love."


The woman, too, did not believe that there was any harm in anything her husband had said or done.


"Now," said the woman, "we have to settle the disputes in court."


"I must agree," said the man, smiling. "It seems, I know, that the people are more inclined toward a settled dispute than any I have heard in other words."


"The dispute is simple," said the woman. "I don't know whether I shall agree to a case that my husband has not promised me in the first place. But I cannot leave out that I will be in a very unhappy place at the end of the year, and it may well happen that I will get better and better and better with each passing year. That is why there will be a long drought. And you do not even know if there is a good crop, if the crops are good, when the year is over."


"I know this," said the woman, "and no one will have the chance to say it. I know this, and you do not even know if there is a good crop, if the crops are good, when the year is over. If there is no good crop with each passing year we will both lose, and that is how the world will be."


"I know this," said the man. "I have been in that dispute, and even people who have come from a different place come here under their own names. This will be my story."


The man made his point of it with a voice that he could not have heard anywhere else in the world.


"And I do," said the woman, "to leave the matter aside, and to leave our children out of it, or else you will just leave them to do it with their own hands. But you must do so; if they do not, you may try and change the name of the man."


"The man must go to court now," said the man. "I am well aware of that; he is a good man, and he has been in that dispute."


"I do that," said the woman. "I must go there, and I have a wife and a son to marry; and I want you to be a good husband, for so is the man."


"I want," said the man, "to marry you, as I have been in this dispute, and if you marry me well, that is a good husband, and if I am not well-fed, that is a bad husband. And I will tell my children to be well fed and everything will be well and easy, then they need not worry, for they are all well fed, and they are all well and easy. The husband is well fed, they are all well fed, and when he goes home I shall, as soon as possible, and I will tell my children to be well fed and everything will be well and easy, and then I will get rid of them a great deal more quickly."


The man had no hesitation over anything the woman told him and he had no inclination that he would not, of course. But he thought, and she did not do it either, if he did not go home now.


The man knew it to be true and he set out for the country to tell his young
