======== SAMPLE 1 ========
-thumb. But as the child came to the table, he began to sing it, and then he said, "This is your first song, my good friend."

Now the poor child was quite happy.

"What's this, friend?" he repeated. "This isn't a great song, no? Is it, dearie good? No it isn't, dearie dear, I'm going to sing this one."

But he did not sing it.

"Oh! what songs are you, friend? I got thee to sing, here, all alone with me, and thou must love me with all my heart," he said, and,
"I'll sing songs, dearie dear, and a good song of mine will fill thee."

"Wellie now do," asked the child.

"Well," replied the father, "it's a good song that thou art."

The child was very glad, and said, "it doesn't matter what I sing, this is my song."

"I have a good song," said the mother, "you can learn it by listening to that little child of yours who says, 'Oh! what songs are you, sweetie dear?'"

"Wellie," said the father, "what is my song?"

"I'll say 'Otis,' as I think it must be, sweetie the poor little girl, and I'll say 'Otis,' and I'll sing 'Sweetie, little girl, how beautiful you are' and I'll sing 'I'm going to sing this one.'"

It happened that this little girl and her husband, both of them young men, were of the same age as the father; and thus the father took a seat to be merry, and the mother, sitting down, sat down. But the dear father sat down for long enough, to sing all he could. And it was at one of those very same words and dances that thou said, "I love thee with all my heart, thou knowest thou art very much loved, how beautiful you are."

The boy said to the mother, "Otis, do. Take heed, dearie dear, don't sing songs, and don't go down there without a great song. So I tell thee that if thou knowest thou art very much loved, there's a great song in your father's hand."

The father took his seat, and the child took his seat again, and the mother sat down, and so on, and then they sat back, and the dear father sat back, and said, "This is your first song, my good friend."

After the daughter had finished singing the song, the man sat down to be merry, and the mother sat down to be merry, and the child sat down to be merry; and the old man, who sat down to be
fulfilling himself with music, said, "Go home with me, as thou hast a good singing."

The child sat, and the mother sat, also the old man, and the child lay to stand. And the poor child said to the father, "So you've got my song, dearie dear, to go home with me to take care of the poor little girl I have left." So they began on to ride; and the child was very happy, and so he laid himself on the horse, and he took care of the poor little girl. And the father sat, and the mother, and the little child, then he made up his mind for them to fly. For they would come to a place where there were little children, and they would ride, and they would talk, and talk, or talk, and talk, for they would have a great love for their little girl. And they would love to have a great song. But the good song they would sing would set them free. And they would love to love they little girl; and they would love, and they would love; and they would love to see their little girl; and they would love to hear the little girl, the song they listened to, their little girl."

When they were very happy to be around the girl, the little boy laid down, and the mother, and the little child, and the boy lay to climb, and sit down, and put on his good shoes; and the old man, and the poor child, and of the poor lady, and the child, stood at his side, he stood on his horse, and sat down there, and laid his head beside his father's head.

When the little maiden's son came to the door, the child stood there, and he was very delighted, and he fell down; but there came a great noise, and there was a great pain. And the poor boy was very much troubled, and was exceedingly sad, and very sad, for he had been so much troubled in his youth,
