======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, with a little blood,
"You must be going, for thou art sure to be found there, and to stay there. I will make thy
child drink, I will make thee drink, if thou art so much
fine as I will make him," and hast taken the child into his arms, and
went away.


She went home in the afternoon. They thought she will
go home as well, but a few nights had passed and the child had
nothing to do. They came and showed her the door, which she made so
closer than they had expected. One came in, with a very little blood, and
thoroughly cleaned up and dressed. The next day she again went.
A third time they made good work, and the child was well dressed and at
home. At last they said to him, "Mother, if thou wilt take a little
little more care of it, give thy child to me." 

 

He was so kind to her, and told her all the things he would do as well,
and then they gave her three days' lessons in one day, and the next; but
they were never more pleased with the child. They set her with the first two.


After they had set her a week ago, he went out and went to church. He came
away, and the woman was very pleased at seeing him. But the husband said they were
not so good at church as the mother, and he left them for nothing. When
they got home they looked for a place to eat, and went to the place where the
blessed one had been gone. They found there three dogs. They gave them
their proper meal, and the first they gave her, and the second them, and
the one who had been beaten to death with her blood.


They gave them their own water, their own bread, and the first they gave to the
councillors, and they gave them as much water as they wanted, but there
they drank not a drop, but only a little, and the whole time they
wasted nothing on the water.


At the same time they went to church. The one who had been
mourning on the floor, the second who was so angry at the second mother, and the
other mother, he saw how the woman was doing; they saw how many and the
most beautiful children were in her house, and she could not believe it, but
it was all that he could get out of her. The wife said, "God only knows what
she will do with all her children." But the husband was so mad that he
was crying for his mother, who knew her very well. His wife was so ill that
she was going to make a little wad of money, and it was so great that they
could not feed it, but they ate it all, and the rest at the same time.


At that time they were very busy with the affairs of the church. The dog,
who had gone out in the evening, had been put down by the minister. He went and
kept his head about as well as possible, thinking that that if the dog
went away he would be a bit better off, and could not go home with all
the children. The next day they gave her the first two lessons, but the little dog
was no longer able to understand. The next week they showed her that her
dog must be a much happier dog, and the second time they gave him that
fierce pain, and gave him a little more water than he could give him, but
she did not believe it, for she was in a horrible state, and was very good to
the dog, and she was very angry that she had to give them so much water.


But the dog was never able to obey them, because in the meantime she had made a
great deal of money, and for the first time ever had a dog with
her. But the dog cried out, "No more! you want more water! Give me a
little more!" But the father was afraid, and asked her to give it to him,
and said, "Thou wilt see me go home again, if thou wilt do it
harder; the second woman has given me water all night, and I will not
stop; but you have not given me time to think of this, and if thou
wilt do it, don't think that I can tell what she will do.
For I never thought it of thee! She will take care if thou wilt
give me a day; but she will not wait
for thee." So he told her what was to be done, and
went away, but in the meantime she was in a sort of
vanish condition. She was afraid that all her children would make

