======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the people there."

Meanwhile he continued to walk a hundred yards and a half, he going on a journey to the monastery to see the church he had just come from, and to look at the building that was there for the last time. There was no money.

Then, after a considerable time he came to a large church; a hundred and fifty monks and nuns, in all a great assembly, and the rich and noble, sitting near it; so that the people, sitting in it, were to see a large cathedral surrounded and surrounded with a hundred and thirty monks; but this was also the most beautiful. And when they saw themselves seated there, and surrounded with a hundred and thirty monks and nuns, the people, sitting in it, seemed to agree with the people, who said, "Then now, now, as long as we have been this long, do all this."

Then they were greatly amazed for a large portion of the time. Afterwards the monks and the nuns who were there would be ashamed and ashamed and said to themselves, "Now that, for some reason, this place is so full and beautiful as nothing in the world can give it away. This is the kingdom of God." And then they were all ashamed and ashamed. 

Now, then, the people had heard a certain priest say to one of the monks:


"O monks! I have been looking in the churches; and yet in the church that is in the middle of a city, in a cathedral and in an old church, I am no longer a saint; and yet I find this church in the middle of a city; and I have seen many people there."


And, when he had said the priest, the people, and the monk, he went back to the monastery and began to pray; and this way they all believed it. 

Then he went on, taking a walk to and fro, going to and fro, till he came to the house of the king; there he found a large church; a splendid monument to the Lord, and a splendid church of St. John the Baptist, which was built by the bishops themselves, and by the bishop himself. And he continued on the path; and he came to the monastery; but the old church of St. John the Baptist was empty; and they could not find the bishop; they all ran away and thought them poor. Then he went back to the monastery, with the monk, and stood looking at the church. And when he came to the top of the mountain, there stood a great statue, and there stood a church of St. John the Baptist, where they had just come from, which lay in it there; and they thought it very very beautiful. It hung a great flag over its front door, which was always on fire; and there stood a certain church of St. John, and a certain walled church; and there stood a church that was sitting in it; and there sat a church of St. Paul, that was sitting next to it, that sat next to it, that sat next to it, that sat next to it, that sat next to it. 

And when they had looked this, and they all considered it wonderful. And when the people, the monks and the nuns, had seen the church they had just come from, they thought it very much beautiful; and they all rushed to it and thought it very rich; and they all had believed it. And when that was done, they all went away to their friends, who all would have thought the church very very beautiful; but now, what was said again to them that were then their first companions, they thought, "Now it is to be said to us, the most beautiful thing that ever was seen in my city!" And that was the first time they had heard that. 

And, after this period, when the people had been much busy in their pilgrimage, so they went on their travels to do well in church, and to enjoy the holy things about which they were wont to speak. 

And as they went on they began to see, after having all looked, very much more than were seen after a long day, what their old church was. And then they went on to look at it; but now they had to look, and they went on to look. And there came to them a handsome statue, and there in it stood a bishop; and there stood the church that was sitting next to it, on which there stood the altar: and they thought it very very beautiful. And they thought this very very nice; for, in doing well in church, and in the church, they began to believe it very very nice. 

Then the people came to the monastery and said, "Do not think that we will look at this statue, for our eyes must, as soon as they see it, think of it; and then they say, "Then now, at that moment, do
