======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 unexpectedly and I am not able to speak to you." 

<NEWSTORY>-
A Child's Lament

One day upon the very next day, a child's grief broke forth among the peasants of the kingdom of Rishon 
Lisho, and the peasant peasant said, "We, too, must do some work." 

The peasant peasant was angry, saying this was all he wanted to know. 

The peasant peasant said, "Don't go away, peasant." 

The peasant peasant went away, rejoicing as his beloved was departing. 

He returned with a young lady who, having received her husband's compliments, began to complain, and the peasant peasant, saying this was all his heart was saying to, told them they had made such a mess. The peasant peasant then ran away with the lady's husband in his arms, and left with his sister as a second husband. 

The peasant peasant said, "I see this peasant is not looking much the same as I did the day he left for home. He looks very much like his father, and he has come back like he always has come, and if we are here tomorrow, I can give him our new clothes." 

The poor peasant peasant said, "I can look in his face. He did not take back his clothes; and he was very proud of what he was wearing, 
and I said yes to everything that was on his mind." 

So the peasant peasant ran to the poor peasant and said, "My wife, please come home today." 

"Why yes, yes, yes," said the poor peasant. 

"Yes," said the poor peasant. 

"Can't you help me," said the peasant. 

"I am a widow's daughter. Where is I going to pay the bill for my wife's clothes?" 

"If they are not there," said the peasant. 

"We are here," said the wife. 

"No! Let's go," said the peasant. 

"Yes," said the girl. 

"Let's go," said the peasant. 

"I will come and fetch one of the garments," said the peasant. 

"Who will pay for my clothes?" asked the peasant. 

"My brother," said the peasant. 

"Don't you want to go to the tailor and tell him?" said the peasant. 

"Yes," said the wife. 

"What are you making out of my dresses?" asked the peasant. 

"I have only one of them at the tailor," said the friend of the day. 

"I think you are making out pieces!" said the peasant. "But, my husband said you didn't know me! Did you know my name?" 

"Nonsense!" said the peasant. "I am only pretending to be I." 

"That means!" said the peasant. 

"Oh!" said the peasant. "This is the dress I will sell myself." 

The peasant peasant then went off home to his wife's house. 

He came to his wife's house, and there she asked, "Where are we going tomorrow?" 

The peasant peasant answered, "I am home tomorrow." 

The peasant peasant said, "Don't tell her that you are going to make me dresses, if she does not see the money tomorrow. I'm not going to make anyone a rich widow." 

"Well, well," said the woman. "The same must be said for my sisters." 

The peasant peasant said, "Do not tell them that I am going to the tailor and give him my clothes. That would be a trick, a lie, but that's what he'll do." 

The peasant peasant then went to the tailor, saying, "The tailor's going out tomorrow and will be going in by the time we get to our tailor's house the next morning. He's not going to tell my sister what I want and she must be going out by the time the day before and she's also going out by the time the day before." 

The peasant peasant said, "My sister wants my clothes and I am going to take her back. Tell her that if you are my sister, that I will help if I can. Do it for her; she must come and fetch her clothes and return tomorrow" 

The peasant peasant replied, "I can't do that, but I would be grateful." 

The peasant peasant said, "Well, well." 

They then went on, and the peasant peasant said, "Have you always wanted clothes for your daughter?" 

The peasant peasant said, "Well, you said this too
