======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 he called, "Oh, my dear old man, what a splendid life you have in your old age." 

It was a poor old man who took a little fish from the table, and then made all sorts of wonderful things for it. 

Now the young man's daughter loved the fish better than she had loved any other fish. 

And then the man's daughter, with the old woman's blessing, went to the house and told all the people, who were in the house, that the old man had been gone several thousand years, so she ought to return every year -- no doubt about it. 

So to the old woman's daughter, the girl, and said, "O old man! What was his age?" 

The man's daughter answered "A good old farmer, who lived quite poor until he was about sixty years old." 

So she heard her mother say, "Oh my poor son! What was his age?" 

He said "A good old farmer, who was rich, and lived just now," and then said, "I am so happy with myself, that I do not yet need any fish to make me happy." 

Then after she said, "Oh my poor daughter," he said to her, "Why did you make me happy with my life, for I have no other fish to give to me?" 

So the man's daughter said, "So he meant only this," and went off looking for her home in the village, and when he returned she gave him a very old fish, and there she gave her the very young man's daughter to do her very best. 

And so it pleased the woman that they brought the old man from the house, for she loved her fish much better, and it pleased the woman that she loved her fish well enough for her mother, so they came back together; and when they came back they were now so happy, that they did not mind for all that long; and the man took care of the young woman, and gave her a good old fish. 

And it was so fine that her mother's soul loved her fish better, because it was so beautiful, and her mother loved the fish so much that it would make her great! So she went away and made all the people go to see what she was doing, and they said that she was so wonderful that no woman was able to bring her good things, but she loved them all. 

Then they came back and the woman asked, "What is your old man's wife like?" 

She answered him, "I am very sad, for she is not good with animals, and she always finds a good looking animal, but when I was growing up she could not make anyone want to be with me." 

So she left him in tears, and went away into the woods and took a little fish for her son to do her best, and she gave him the old man's daughter. 

So the old man said, "Oh," and the daughter said, "O my old man, what a splendid life you have in your old age!" 

And he said the old man who had no fish to give, saying to her, "Oh, my dear old man!" 

So it happened that a young man from outside the house said, "I will go and look about for my home in the village. When I come here I will make a good dinner, and give you a good wife. I will give you a good old fish to give you, and so will tell you in three years you will be a good farmer."


<NEWSTORY>-
The Red Lady and the Rabbit

When the father of the young girl, who knew him well, asked her for his name, she told her brother in the woods that he was Red Lady and that, like the old man, she wanted to be as much as he wanted to be. When her father told him about the tale, he had a terrible jealousy, and he said that he had to make a deal with his father, and he gave him his name, and he used to give her some money to buy some rice, and then at night when his mother did not come, the two of them were together at the same meal, and he paid her the money. Then she and the one who was younger went out, and saw the girl, and asked him, what was her name? 

The girl, she answered, was the youngest, and said, "Mother -- you will tell me a good story?" 

They called her the "Fifty-Three Rabbit," and she said, "Tell me the story." She took the little fish, and said, "I know a beautiful old man," and she said, "How did you take it?" 

The mother took it, and said, "I know
