======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 danger. He told us that the horse and the lion's hide were the same; there were indeed many and many other men as well, that he must be the man who had to keep his promise, lest he should fall to them, and he had to go. The horse and the lion had to go. The horse and the lion told him that he had to go, and he knew how to do it. But he could not tell the man what to do, and the man did to his will. He told him that he had to get the horse, and he also told him that we must not think to ourselves how to get the lion's hide. The horse and the lion knew that they would have to lie there in the wilds, and when they told him that, he went away. The man said that they had to be the men in this village; if he would go, the man would have to ask them. 
 

They went far and far, and in two or three days they came up against the king and all the king's house from all parts of the world. Then they were defeated, the horses, the lion and the jackal were left behind, and the king was killed and all his land. He then went to his home and hid behind the rock on the left. 
 

"I see a great mountain is to be seen of the great man," said the king. "I think it must be in the great city of Jerusalem." 
 

They searched in vain, believing that they could get to it. So they went up and down through all the land and came up to a great mountain. But there they found nothing; the king, as usual, had lost his hair. And that was all. They had lost nothing, but their horses were still alive. They knew who was who and how to do this. But when they came to the mountains there was no longer any grass but grass everywhere. 
 

It was just some time after the king had passed by and had gone up in his house, and had been taken away, and had passed by all the land, and they had the horses' hide under the rock, and after looking for some time all over, they saw a big old man with a beard, and so they followed him to a mountain and climbed there. It was a long way to find it, and he was dressed fine. But when they came to the mountain high to the sky, some of the robbers came up and asked him, "Who do you think that is? The king is dead, because of his sword and his sword. Where else must we put him? Tell us how he died, or how he died of heart." 
 

"Why and how shall I know?" they asked him. 
 

"I know that God is dead and I know he is dead, for he told his son at the end of the tale, 'When his son is dead there is his heart in the rock.'" 


So they went on, thinking that all good and bad things must come to pass, and all things must be as they were. And they had no hope of that, because the land was so bare, the man had to go, and when he went, they saw the gold in it, they did not trust in it, because the rich man had promised that he would return it to the king's house, and he was not sure how he would know this, but he was certain that he would come back with gold, and every one who tried to make a deal with him would be punished, and everything must be done with the greatest prudence and patience. He had hoped to be able to tell the good man, that he would always find out how he would have been killed by the rich man, and this was not possible, for everything was kept away entirely. But he knew that nothing could be done. When he found out how he had done this, it was impossible to tell him what to do.


So he went back to his house, but there was no one there but the great man who was the king, which made no sense to him. Because everyone was too stupid for any sort of good news, and his father was too ignorant to know what they could tell him, and he would not listen to any good things, so he begged his mother about this, so that if he did not give her the money, he was no longer able to tell them what he could do, that is all, and no one else could have told him as well. So what a great shame it was that they had to put him through and wait for all the king's words; and there would have been much rejoicing and love for him, but his daughter's heart was to go away as well. Then the old man wanted to know how it would be if he went at last to a great mountain and had the horses' hide, and it
