======== SAMPLE 1 ========
'll have a good meal.  You'll get enough milk and milk, and I won't have to cook with it.  If you'll eat as much as you can without using it yourself, I will have to cook." 


The next day the queen ordered the cook to be made the master's daughter.  The king thought this would be a good idea, and she went with him home.  But when her eldest son made his grand feast and her husband's daughter brought the children, her father ordered that they should go down to the sea to eat only one meal.  A little while later the king heard the noise of the children's children's cooking on the shore.  Then the children came and ate the other people's meals and put them out.  The king had to admit that he didn't mean it, only that he had a better chance of getting food.  But he had to admit that he didn't expect to get enough food for the whole family.  So he went home, and he wasn't the only one. 
 
It all got to him.  He saw two boys, a little boy, and a little boy, and as soon as it seemed as though he would go into the water he went out.  His brother had the same thing happen to him.  He could no longer stand to sit to rest.  He called a little boy, "Do you have my little prince and brother?" 
 
"Yes, please, brother, do," replied the boy.  "If you want to go with us to have a meal with us, then we'll go with you.  We'll do as we please, our brothers, and we'll set our own feast.  If you want to go for a meal with us, then we'll both go with you.  If you don't want to go with us, then we'll have no choice but to eat your little prince and brother.  Just let me go and take my meal with you."  That is all the king wanted, but he was not going to accept it.  He didn't want to be left out. 
 
At noon the prince and his sister sat down with the children, and they began to eat the food that they wanted.  The youngest boy wanted to go to sea to go with the children, and the oldest came to live with the youngest girl.  The youngest boy then went to the sea to take the food and to bring it home.  Then he went out to the sea to try his luck in taking the food.  
 
Finally he took his meal, and the youngest boy also took his meal.  They ate their meal and went to sea to try their luck.  
 
The next day the king decided not to go with the youngest boy.  His second son didn't take it either, but he said, "No, my lad, you might."  They were already sitting with the oldest man.  
 
"Do you want to go with us to have a meal with us?  We'll do as we please," said the oldest man.  
 
"Yes, please, my lad.  I'll bring you what you want.  We'll do what we please, my lad, and we will set our own feast."  He set the feast for the next morning.  
 
The next morning the youngest man came back to the king and said, "We will stay with you, my lad, you will get the most from us.  We'll set our own feast, and the rest."  
 
"Yes, no, my lad.  Have you not already eaten your sister's meals?"  
 
"No, my lad, I haven't eaten my sister's meals either."  
 
"Did you come on the same day that the other two went to sea alone?"  
 
"Yes, yes, yes, I've eaten the younger brother's meals."  
 
Then the oldest man spoke, "The king made his wish and went with the younger brother.  He won't let go on the contrary, and no one is against him.  The elder brother is just as much of a friend as I am, for he has his own daughter, and in return he has her."  
 
That's all the king wanted, but he was getting tired, and he said, "If you want a meal with us, then I will get you all."  It was a good plan, and there would be so much to be had.  
 
And so they set their feast, and the next day the youngest man came home and started his meal with the youngest.  He ate the meals that the prince's daughters had in stock.  
 
But at last he told himself, "I did not want two
