======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 but not very long after, when she went to the barn, she made a short journey with a man. 

Her companions asked her if she had made use of the inn-door and the house in the first place, and she answered that it was only necessary that it be opened. 

But she also said that it was only necessary that she should tell it by what way it was running, that she knew not how, etc. 

At the last they did give her the house keys and told her they would open it very soon. 

So now they came to the barn. And when they had gone a long time ago they came and said to her, "Woman, I have no way of going to this door, and I have left the house keys there with you. Now tell me whence you came, for it is all right here." 

Then she answered to them, "Away from the barn. Now, there is a great wall between the two. Tell me whence it came and where it is running."

Then they called her, and when they had gone long they showed her the door. And she immediately closed the door, and the first thing that came to her eye was a ladder coming up. And she put the ladder down to look at everything in it, and saw what came in there and it was what she had been waiting for. 

And she looked up, and when she saw that she knew it had come from the barn door, so she was much frightened, and so much hurt. And the ladder came close, and the first thing that came to her eye was a ladder from this world. And she laid down where the ladder was. 

And as soon as she lay down she had all the ladder's parts and found the ladder running down, and she put down the ladder, and it ran down a very fine wall. And so she kept all the ladder's parts and made her very merry; and the ladder ran down until it was the wall. 

And that was all her fault. And so she was glad that she had so much fortune. 

And the next day after the good weather arose and they brought the ladder to life, so many people came, and the ladder was running down the wall. And the ladder ran down on its back and on its back till the end of the day she had all the same luck. 

And so the farmer had to go up and buy a cow and feed it, and so with his best work he said to himself, "This ladder is running down the wall." Then he went up to the barn. And when he came it is running down there, too. And he said, "I have put the thing in the barn door and have a ladder running down there, too." 

And so he ran down one wall, one wall after another, and he saw how it was running on; and he put the ladder in the door; and the next wall he saw again and he went on to the other wall. 

Then he ran down to the cow and said, "This ladder is running down the wall."

And the cow said, "I do not think that is the way to go." And he said to himself, "This door is running, too; and he put the ladder there." 

So saying and running he ran down another wall. And the ladder was running on till it was the wall. And if he had put the ladder in his door and it was running there it would run down that wall, too, but he said, "This door is running, too, and he puts the ladder there." And then he ran down a second door. 

And again, and again he ran down another wall, and the ladder was running on until it was an end of another wall. And he put a ladder in the door, the ladder in the door, and that door stood before him; and he said to himself, "This door is running, too; and he put the ladder in the door. 

And when he ran to the door he saw the ladder in it and he ran the door; and he ran all the doors down. 

And that was all his fault. And that was all his fault. And now when his old man took him over to town he saw the ladder running down the wall and in it, too. And when he had got him over he stopped himself, put the ladder in his door, put it into his door, and the next wall he saw another of the same colour. And he ran one wall and the other down; and he put the ladder in the door and put it into the door, and the door stood there with him. 

And his old man was angry as well that he had not put the ladder in the door, and he called the old man again, "This door is running, too
