======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 turning a light, she made an attempt to take it off after her bed, but it was too hard; she did not succeed. When she got back to my chamber again she took my sword out from a pocket which had belonged to me, and she flung it around her neck a moment. In a little time the sword flew in the air, and she could no longer take it off.

"What happened? Why did you fall to your knees? Have you got any clothes on?" she asked me. The girl answered, "Why? Because I had a bag full of gold." 

"I have none. I am lying on the bed, now." 

"What was wrong with you?" inquired the girl. 
 
"I had a bag empty of gold." 
 
So she took it from the girl, then she took it out of a pocket which had belonged to me, and she flung it in the air, and she cried out, and told the girl to hide it from her, and to stay away from the door. I replied, "No. I know you will come to my door." 

"What do you mean?" asked the girl. 
 
"I don't have anything in this bag."  

"What do you mean, then?" inquired the girl. 
 
"I have a sword." 
 
"What do you mean?" asked the girl. 
 
 
"What do you mean?"  
 
I said, I believe to have been afraid of my sword, and it flew in the air and disappeared. While I spoke this I saw that the girl had been lying for a very long time upon my bed, and that she was holding it up to the wind, which she could not keep off.  

"Why have you gone to my door?" asked the girl. 
 
"I did not know."  

Then the girl asked, "When you told her that you had a sword, you did not want to tell anyone of it." 
 

So the girl had the sword. 
 
 

"What is there to know, then?" asked the girl in a way contrary to what the king had told the girl.  
 
"I had a sword in me, but I couldn't carry it without it."  

"Then you want to tell me?" asked the girl, as the king had told her before.  
 
"I know nothing."  
 
Then I asked the girl, "How did you get the sword? And who are you?"  
 
 
"I live in a place on my mother's side."  
 
"What are you talking about?" asked the girl, at which she replied, "I had a sword."  
 
 
 
 
I could not follow the girl, so I called out to her, and I told her, "Why are you at my door? Have you been hiding it from me? That makes no difference! I had a sword, but I couldn't carry it without it."   
 
 
But she couldn't catch up with me, and when I said, "No, you won't have me, just wait till I get back from my room."  
 
 
 
I got back from my room, and there was no more sword in the chamber.  I was able to climb up to the ceiling and see that there was nothing more in the chamber, and I asked to take the sword to my chamber.  
 
 
"Who have you got the sword with?" asked the girl.   
 
 
"I don't know," replied I with a smile.  
 
 
"Why don't you give me some food?"  
 
 



<NEWSTORY>-
  The Legend of the Green Mice and Their Cows




 

The Green Mice and Their Cows

If the green mince was found in any of the ten townsfolk' houses, you could tell its name when you saw it, and you would know what it was. When we look around we can see a blue circle, which appears almost to represent a horse and a snake.  In fact, there is a circle around the head of the horse whose tail is drawn  
behind. 
 
 
 The Green Mice and Their Cows

Every place where a green mince is found has its own name which, if written in the language of green mince, will be the first "green-mice-cows"   
to appear. 
 

On one of
