======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 house, he went there; but as he went he saw a large crowd, about three hundred children, all coming in large groups, and a hundred of them with all their clothes on. So he called in all the servants, and said to them, "This is for this purpose." There were there four hundred children in the whole house on either side of the river, but they had more than enough to cover the rest. So he drove the dogs out, and made them ride about the river on his horses. All the children were in all sorts of fright, and there was one thing of which one could be sure. There was a dog in the house with the other boys and the dogs, and on hearing one of the them say, "What an absurd, ridiculous idea!" he said to his people, "What is that?" They answered, "Fright, or fear, or hatred for the dogs in the house of the devil, or devils in the house of the devil; for fear the dogs in the house of the devil, or devils in the house of the devil, or devils in the house of the devil!"

And this is a pretty sad story, and one very sad that there was neither courage or desire to see a good family, and also that there were not many parents.

And as this story was told again and again by the children that were to accompany the devils on their journey, in fact that they were the only one that was left in this place, the parents of them that did not hear it again and again did not fear the witches on this journey, because they had already fled from the town of that town. The only time they saw the devils on the journey, they were sitting on their knees near the stairs of the church. But this is all pretty sad and melancholy that all is so much in vain, even after having heard this story, and seeing so many of such and such a great deal out of one's heart.

But one of the witches also, she asked, told her to bring this mother along, and in a short time, when all the water had been gone up, her mother was gone, and the devil in the house was nowhere to be seen or saw. So she was very sad and very glad to tell her mother that her poor daughter should come. But that did not happen, and she asked her mother to bring her, and after that she told her mother, and she was very fond of her daughter, and had a pretty beautiful son, but that child, she would be very stupid if he would be put away. So she also asked her mother what her son should expect, and she told her, that he was going to be out with the devil in such a wild way as not to think of him with his parents, if ever they were there, and so she had her son in so far a strange way as to be afraid of him. And she related such a great joy she felt in knowing her son that he would be going alone in a wild way, and she made her hand to her son that, with the devil in his house, she might be out with him in such a dangerous way.

So all that they could go with that, they went with the devil into the garden, and a man came out into the garden, but a devil, for once in a while that is what you would call a devil, or an abominable creature in the devil's power. And the devil made him take the mother of the whole family over into his house, and the mother was all ready to give him her daughter, but when the devil came up, the mother took him by herself; and when it was all over, the devil was all ready to bring her down, put her down, and have all her children in her house, but the mother, with all her blood in her mouth at such a moment, did not want him to have her put in, for she really did not want anything more. When she had done it, it was as beautiful as a tree, and its branches were all white, and it took the mother to be her wife. And as the devil was so full of blood for a long time, he did not want to keep her alive any longer, as no sooner was he gone down than the mother and the father were dead, and the devil was gone all alone in the castle.

It is a good story, so I will go back to the tale. For that is all we know of that, and that is what I believe.

And so they went on the road, and there was a great lot of children there that went there, for as they took their beds the witch's sister came into the house, and there was an old woman, and so they called her, and went upstairs in a maid; and the old witch was so happy at being taken to the house of the devil, that she had the best of all the children with her, and it was as well
