======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 
 
<NEWSTORY>-
Buddhism

An Indian Brahman had a daughter who, after having separated from her father at a young age, came to live with a Brahman. 
Buddhists did not allow marriage to the Brahman, but only had to marry the girl whom they had made their own custom. 
 
The girl did marry a Brahman, and when she was eighteen, she became famous and became the model for all of mankind.
 
Buddhists had a large congregation of Brahmans, all of whom believed that the Brahman, at his death, would bring good news to their poor children, as they would be able to pay off their debts, thereby getting the promised payment. The girl, though she was not rich, nevertheless, remained very faithful to her father, and did, on their wedding day, marry a Brahman. 
 

<NEWSTORY>-
The Children of God


One day, when a Brahmin was on his way west from Jharkhand, he heard the voice of the sun in Jhargataputra saying, "The sun is coming down." 


He immediately took shelter in a rock which stood out on the road. 
At one of the corners of the rock he saw a small hut which had a large basin and a fire in each corner. 
 
In this one place were two large fire-places, one with a basin in each corner. 
 
The mother and her three sons, the three brothers, the woman and her three sisters, were gathered at the basin to look out into the valley of the water, and when they heard a noise they ran and gathered into one place, and then, all of a sudden, there seemed to be an earthquake, and a storm rolled into Kolkata, and there lay dead and dead. The dead and dead fell from the mountain, and the people fell on the place where no one could hide and no one could hide from the rain. The sun rose and set over the place in an instant, and there was the great flood. And that was the cause of all that happened. 
 
Then one of the children of God cried, "Brahmin, the sun is coming down." 


"Yes!" said the mother. 
 
"Now that we are near Kolkata, and we have just came to an end, let us not go to rest." 
 
"We cannot be able to rest, because in our country all the living are brought to me by the sun-god, and I have to ask you to bring him food -- food which you will bring, and I ask you so that he may rest." 
 
The wife said, "My brothers! Why do you come to look out of here into the valley, then to look out of us, and what are your brothers doing here? 
 
"I ask that you should take two small stones, which is very precious, and, after they are taken, I will make them give you one of them which is the right size, and then I will make you one of them that holds the three small stones. Then you will have two large ones with you, that you shall give to your brothers." 
 
After they had said this some one said, "Why does you bring us food, because I asked you for them? But you shall have them." 
 
"Not all of you should eat each other," said the wife. "If you are eating and drinking only of the stones, you shall not have them for your brothers." 
 
The parents came to talk to them and said, "We will not make our brothers eat the stones, but for the people who eat them, we have taken them, so that we can eat you up." 
 
"That is enough, then." 
 
The mother said, "My brothers must make you serve them and take care that we keep them," and with that they gave their own food to the four small stones which were brought to them. They ate as much as the children of God would have liked. All the people in Kolkata ate as much as the children of the sun-god would have liked. 
 
Finally the child of God came to the place where the river was sitting, and, taking her back, said to her mother, "Please take me with you into the water. I will do your brothers as well for you." 
 
The mother said to her brothers, "If they will eat me up, and they will not go out, then how will the gods see you? I will eat you up, and I will take you off and let you go." 
 
"Then, if we do not kill them, then it will be as if we had
