======== SAMPLE 1 ========
To look for him, I told the princess, "Oh! he is dead; I saw him again." The princess said to her friend in her heart, "He is dead, no," and said, "He who lies will not die."

The little girl said to her friend in her heart, "He who lies, I told you."

And she said, "I, too, have told you this!"

This little girl, however, did not cease to speak, but she answered, "Is there another in the room?"

Then the princess said, "Oh! that is him; I will tell you."

The prince answered, "O, and I, too ! He who lies shall not die; I told you, I said again, "The old man who told you all this about me "


After the princess had spoken to her friend in her heart, the little girl came and looked at her, and said, "There, in the room!" It was so dark that nothing could be seen of the little princess! She got up and went to the prince, but he had not come to her. When she returned after a long journey, and looked at the prince in surprise, he thought that the same thing had happened the first time. He thought that she must be dead, and he knew that some one of them would have had to die. But he did not think he had to die, and he put his arm round her and said, "Now go to my grandmother, and I will see," and went to her grandmother, who was at home. She made a little bundle of earth, and made them all together, in order to give cover to the princess, who lay in the same place, surrounded by a small crowd. But they all had dark eyes, and some of them saw the princess standing at the entrance. She said, in a very angry tone, "This is how you must take the old man, and I ask you; for he never said to you what you must do! Do this, and you shall bring him to justice! If he never did say to you that he was a stranger to you, which he was, but you know him as the prince, this you must not do in any case! If he never did say anything that will offend his conscience, this you take the second part, and which you may not make yourself an example to him about; for it is in the eyes of the world! "


As she looked in fear at these words, the man was so frightened he could not endure to see what it looked like on his face. He saw the princess lying lying face down, with her hands still on her back, her forehead resting on her chest on the rock. He asked her where she was. She answered, "She was lying on the ground, and the head of the head was resting on the rock between her buttocks. And a little piece of the skull stood on her chest, as if she were dying." In such words the old man was not frightened at all, and he made the same decision, and she found the head lying on the other side of the corpse, and she felt a sense of horror among the people, who were frightened with terror and fear; so that as now there was the same sense and terror in their hearts. When they heard this they all went into grief and sorrow, and the little girl, in a very angry tone, she said, and gave orders to the princess and to the old man, which were not taken away. The old man, having heard her words, took his hand to her breast, and they kissed, and in that there came out the little girl without any of her things, and thus the old man said to her, "How can I find the mother, who is buried in the bottom of the hole, and this is not her being buried? But I see she is alive, and I see her having this coffin put on for her." Then, saying this he began to bury with all his strength, and by this time there came out the old man with all his limbs on the coffin, which seemed to him very empty. He took all his strength, took his hands, and carried himself to the grave. So the old man entered her and said to her, "Go to his grandmother, and give her this coffin; she will have her coffin placed on to her breast, when she will be buried." She went to the king, where she gave him some more of her own, and when he saw her he kissed her, saying, "Good God, you! He who lies has done much for me, and if it is not his, then he has had his reward." And she said, "A man who can give me this coffin! Good God, you! Give me such a coffin." So she gave him what she had, and he buried himself in it, so that it was not difficult to behold what was inside it
