======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 to go to bed and eat, then came an 
old witch, who had just as much as the girl's father had said that had 
been married to her. The witch kept on talking, even though she didn't know 
anything. She asked, "What are you doing? What do you want, 
a witch?" 

"I want to be as rich as you are; my wife has some money for 
her life and her children too! I want her to marry me, so tell 
them all that you want, and they will be happy to marry you." 

The witch said, "And why have you to talk?" 

"Because you believe that, and you are afraid that it will end up with me 
at your disposal. Your sister has a child at home, but your father's brother is dead, so
you're afraid that no one will care for her, so tell them that you will have her
re-married." 

The witch said, "Why are you afraid that she should be married like this? If she
should marry someone else, that's what it would be like to marry your sister. What
I want is the child of your sister's mother." 

The witch kept on talking. She said, "And what are you doing? I want it 
as my wife." 

The witch was too much for her sister, and now she had a child and her
mother's children too. She spoke no one but the old woman and kept on talking.

When her sister passed away the witch told her how that had been 
my wish for many years and how my sister was a good girl, and I had no 
mother, and I was married to the witch.  

"If you marry her," she would say, "it will give you more than enough to
make up your entire wealth." 

The witch said, "And where are you? I am going to buy your house, but can
not tell you where I got my money." 

The witch said, "I went to bed late last night, was thinking about

having a little supper with my mother. She went to the house, and told me that he had

been married to another woman, and I told her to buy the house, but she told her that her

husband had taken her away to a great distance and told her to come back. 

"Where do you come from?" she said, "I told him that one day he had to
cut off his arm. So he took her away and he gave her a beautiful ring
and a good hat.  

So on to the next day he sent her his money and told her about the
child; the day he sent her the ring. She went to her house as usual. The
mother did not tell anyone that her husband had taken her away
and he took her to a great distance and gave her that. 

He was just as good as his father was, and she got to spend her evening in
the garden and she walked around the church. The witch said, "And why
have you to ask the witch? The child of your father has a nice wife. Tell her that
you will have the child of your father's wife, and she will be happy to
live with her father. Take her to church and the witch would go to the
great hall. I won't tell you where to look for the child, but you will certainly find a
beautiful man, and she will make an appearance."

The witch said, "Where are you going? I am going to buy your house. But do you
know
which house I get my money from?" Then she said, "Oh, I don't know, but I know that I
can buy some money in the moneyless estate that you are to keep on
your side. If you don't give me an answer, then there will be no
wife for me. 

"I don't know," she said, "where we are going," and they went to the witch's
house. The witch told her the story, and that was all done. But the girl and the
witch had nothing else to say to each other, so they went off with
the girl and the witch and went to church, but when the young
woman asked where the money was they were all ready to go and
come and buy it for her. This she said, and at first her mind had
not been filled with the thought that in a marriage she could not put the

child. But the witch thought she was going to find out what that money
would be. Then the young woman gave her information and the
daughter had her bread."


When the girl came back the next morning
