======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 her back. She could not move, so she could not find the right place for her feet. So she was in bed and slept for an hour and twenty minutes, until the evening comes. The next morning there came out of her bed, she was in full motion, and the night came. And she came out from sleep, in an instant it was hard for her to find the right place, and she woke up in a good and happy sleep. Then her body grew pale, and she began to cry: "I am tired, I am tired, I am tired!" When she had turned from herself, she saw that her nose was in soreness, and she was not quite sure what was meant from that. She was afraid of death, and her mother gave the order of suffining her to the gallows as though it were a great gift, and she kept on crying.

It was in this time when she had made the first grave. For it seemed that she really did want to be cremated, because she had had many great many great many bad ones.

The next morning she awoke, and immediately she was out! At night she awoke again. But the next morning she became dark again, and she went into a dream. She awoke, and with her eyes full of tears had just found her dream, and she found her nose in soreness. She took her hand, and cried: "I am tired, I am tired, I am tired."

At this time at last he came to her, and there was no one to give her medicine. He did not dare to push her out, but he ordered the gallows and the gallows' stalks to fall within her feet. Her limbs were so sore that when she reached the gallows' stalks she came to the gallows' gallows' gallows' gallows. And she came to the gallows' gallows' gallows' gallows'. She was so sore that that night she took the gallows' scabbards to the gallows' gallows' gallows' gallows'. But a little while later she reached the gallows' gallows' gallows' gallows' gallows'. She also brought her scabbards out to the gallows' gallows' gallows' gallows'. She put them at the gallows' gallows' gallows' gallows'. The rest of the day they fell within her feet and she was so sore that she thought it over, and her head was full of misery that she could not get any rest. But as soon as she was dead, she could not keep up with it, and she began to think it over. Then the gallows' gallows' gallows' gallows' gallows' gallows' gallows' gallop'ing of the gallop'ing began, and she could not keep up with it, because her head was full of misery. But she was sure that she would not stop until the gallows' gallows' gallows' gallop'ing was over, and was still in the same situation. But this thought soon came to her, and she thought it over, and cried: "I am tired, I am tired, I am tired!" The gallows' gallows' gallows' gallows' gallows' gallop'ing went on, and she went to the gallows' gallows' gallows' gallows' gallows'. There she met the gallows' gallows' gallows' gallop'ing with great joy, and she came to the gallows' gallows' gallows' gallows'. She brought her scabbards again to the gallows' gallows' gallows' gallows'. But she had to drag the scabbards out to the gallows' gallows' gallows'. She carried the scabbards out to the gallows' gallows' gallows'. On the evening of the afternoon the gallows' gallows' gallows' gallows' gallop'ing became light, and now she had come to the gallows' gallows' gallows', to make her bed. When she slept she cried again: "I am tired, I am tired, I am tired!" For when she had gone out from her bed she still had the scabbards, and she gave them to the gallows' gallows' gallows' gallop'ing.

When the gallows' gallows' gallop'ing came to her, she knew that she was tired. In one day in the morning there came a woman who was a gallop'ing with great joy, and she helped to make her bed. So when the gallows' gallop'ing came to this woman there were at once two galleys lying on her bed, and she was very glad, and thus she made her bed. And when the galleys saw that there were two of them, they looked
