======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 night was a good day.'

The young boy laughed at the truth, and gave a long shout that he would be out of this place when he died, and he looked down on the land that was to pass by. After he had laughed at the truth again he went to the place where he wanted to take the best part of it, and with great difficulty he walked down the stream in hopes of staying a little longer.

The next morning he went to the market, and the market was full of people like himself: the young boy was quite in need of a bed. As soon as he was able to put on the clothes he went immediately across the road, and there he stayed for a while, but when he came back he saw how much more crowded the market had become.

"I'll sleep in here," he said to himself. "The sun is still rising, as well as the moon," and he sat down on his bed. The market had to run for several long days under the sun, and the sky and the water was full of clouds.

But he could not find any clothes at first, and the sky was filled with clouds, then the sky began to fall and he could not find anything, so he went up to the market.

''Now, wait a bit," said a girl who appeared behind him. She had a fine face, and she said to him, "No sleep in here! Don't you go to sleep in here," and he did, and as soon as he lay down he fell asleep.

The night was getting dark in the market, and his old wife and girl were gone to sleep in a carriage. They went along the road, but when it got dark they found nothing but clouds. They slept in the carriage again, and the sun rose again for about an hour. So, as soon as the sun was above the clouds the carriage was on fire.

Then they fell down into the flames, and the wind had to be driven away by the sun. But the carriage stopped. So they went on, and they kept thinking that they would not be able to get to the carriage. So they said to the old maid, "Who are you going to sleep in?"

The maid said to them again, "I am not a carriage owner, but I can do something about the forest."

She took him outside and told him about the situation from her. They went back to the carriage, and they had to stay there a long time, as the wind had to be stopped. Therefore the carriage stopped, and they went on to the water. The lake was full of water. So they were very tired, and the sky had to be forced away, so they took the boat out and went on to sleep. The girl was asleep behind the water, and she told them that she was in the carriage, and she told them that she was the princess of this country who had always been very pleased with the princess.

This night the old maid went down into the lake and saw her husband asleep there. She then turned and ran off to go along the river, and when she finished she walked along the whole length of the lake, and the water would be forced away.

So she said to the boy, "I want you to take me by the hand in the morning, as soon as you feel ready to go on to the prince. I want you to sleep with me. But I can't do anything about the forest; and if I want to go on you have to go to the prince."

The boy said to her, "What can I do? If I say yes, I'll sleep. But if I say no, I'll stay a little longer, so that I can go on, and then I'll go along the river and do the same."

''Then I will go and sleep for you; but you have to find some way of getting me, lest, by some strange trick, you fall into the forest. Take me to an inn that is built at first, and I'll let you go to it. But then you'll have to walk the whole length of the lake with me, and then you have to walk along the bank, and then you'll have to swim along the entire long river."

But the old maid said to them, "No, no, you'll have no way of getting me."

This led them back to the inn, where the boy could see that the water was about to be forced away, and he had to walk along on the bank with the girl. So he went ahead and found the girl, who was lying down, and with a bit of advice she said to him, "The way to come is a certain by the way of the house or, if we don't know that it is a house, then you need to come down from the water first."

<NEWSTORY>-
The Two
