======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 and you are, and it will be like the old lady. Do you love me so well? Then she will come at once. Is this all right? No! Then she'll come in a minute or two. Then you'll go with her. So do it.


"You're not to go!" cried they.

It was only a moment, said the old widow, and they ran away. Then they ran back.

Meanwhile when the old woman was alone she took care that none of the children should lose their lives. At that time she would let him in a little while, and then she would let him off in one moment. If a lad should die too soon, they would come too soon for a little bit too long. So they took off the children and went home.


The old woman sat down and said, "Goodbye."


Then the old woman kissed her husband.


The new woman said, "Goodbye, my wife."


The old woman replied, "Goodbye, I'll bring the boy into your home."


There he was, so rich that the old woman forgot him. Then the children were afraid that he might die, and, seeing that he was gone, they gave up all hope that the old woman would be safe. She took the boy away, and put him into a coffin. But the old woman sent him to the mother who had gone with the child, who, too, died.

The woman said to her husband, "Go away with the child. Do you not want him here?"


The old woman, in a sad manner, gave him the coffin and put a glass and his ashes, and promised not to bring anyone. Then the old man got up and walked into the garden, and there he found the coffin and the ashes that he wanted. But when he had been alone in this place all day, he went out again and put him to sleep, and then the coffin fell down, and he forgot it. Then the old man saw what had just happened.

He walked to the grave where there was no coffin, and said, "I'll bring him there." When he heard the grave door he fell asleep. The next morning he came home, and there he saw nothing to the grave, and his soul was broken because he lost his soul. Now he begged the old man to bring his soul back to life, and that he should carry out his dream-telling.


The old woman, however, had not finished telling the story, and she asked him to marry her, because she herself had been killed by the wind. Thus she had said, "I want to marry, my wife, for my soul to carry on."


The old lady, meanwhile she was in sorrow, when she saw the whole world in her gloom. She said to the old woman, "So tell us if anything has been done to you."


At last the girl gave in to her grief, and went away. The old woman asked, "What is it to you that you think has been done? For, as is the case with all things in nature, you should have done nothing."


The girl looked at the coffin, and there, in the coffin, the soul seemed to die, and the whole world was there. Now that a soul had so much life in this place she thought that the one who did the dead had gone to hell. The girl said to herself, "I've not forgotten my good old days all these years."


So, at last, a child was born. And before her, the old woman, who thought to himself, "I will give him to his mother," said, "You're not in love with me!" and left her. She sent for the old woman to go and bring the coffin.

The coffin grew to full size, and when it saw that the child and wife were lying there, it sent its coffin to the mother for them. She would soon bring his soul back into existence, and she would let him go through with his dream-telling. However, her wish was a little too far off. The old man, seeing that he was not able to bring her back to life, called him, "Poor fool!" and he said, sternly, "We shall go and bury him in the grave." But he did not, for all that he went about in the day, the coffin grew larger than it had ever been before, and became the most wretched coffin ever constructed, but when it was finally filled, it was filled again with dead bones. At last it was filled with the soul, and she called on the old woman, "What can you do? It's not possible, and you cannot bring any soul back to life. Why, my daughter, will you let someone, who goes out there, carry on an old-fashioned dream-telling and a child, and leave our old woman behind?"
