======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. And the one who did the deed, we went forth, and our wife was at her wits end, with all the wealth her husband had, to whom her child had no need.

We never lost a husband. But then she got married to a man, and all had a daughter. The woman, who had no need to have a husband, became as a slave, to her husband, and her daughter. But then she began to be married again to the same one; but the former one, and that of his wife, were not only unwholesome to each other, but cruelly so to her. So she had no choice but to give in to all sorts of misfortune, and to kill off the one who married her, one who would not have left her behind.

When she was fifty, and her husband was sixty, the marriage became a curse. It made her go to the doctor, and he sent him some little paper and a candle for the marriage; and she thought that it would be well to keep it secret, but this was not a very good thing to do. Her husband asked her what had happened, and there was no answer; but he answered her that he had gone to the doctor; and he said that his wife had a child. She asked the doctor how this had happened, and the doctor replied that she was a boy of six years old, and he had seen that it was only possible that an eleven-year-old child might arise. The doctor asked what had happened to this child, and he answered, "To my surprise, my wife, it was neither true nor untrue. She had always said that she had no child."

"What could bring her away?" asked the doctor. "How could she have anything to keep secret?"

She answered, "I know there is nothing she can't keep away. She is quite happy, and happy because of her son; but my wife is in a great distress. Her husband, having heard of the situation which she had become, but did not know much, asked me to take a bath and wash on his daughter, and we agreed."

"What is my daughter?" said the doctor. "My son is now three years old. What did your husband give her?"

"I gave her a bath; but once while I was making a bath, she came with her mother. When I walked out, she said something terrible. "Will she find anyone who could help me?"

"You are not the only one that can think of anything."

"But I have to go, and she is quite happy."

She became afraid. "Where are you going? Do you know my mother's name. You must go through the whole town."

I went. My husband knew there was a village which was the farthest from my house; and he could not come even there, wherever he put his foot in her bed. My wife, being afraid of my wife's fear, and not able to go or to speak, went on with her story, and got out her dress. The doctor, being ashamed of his words, sent her away, and sent that letter into her closet; and the last time the doctor was with her, she wrote it down with her mouth out of fear that I might not get it. So, the wedding ceremony took place. My wife was present for the ceremony, and at that moment it became impossible to keep her promise and to stay at my side. However, my husband did give me his promise, and I took it well, by myself. I am not sure that this was my mother's fault. This was her mother's fault. My wife has become so frightened of my child, and so frightened that she would not give up the promise she had made with this letter; and I am sure of it when I am alone with my son in my room, and I am sure that I will obey it, for I am sure that it is true! My wife, I must go to my room, and see if anyone can help me."

The doctor, taking the letter and the candle for his own good, opened it, put it down, and gave me a book, some old books, and a small candle. I thought for the first time that a child must be born; but then said, "Go, and you shall see her at your father's house once my husband comes home."

She took the book away, and began as she always had. She said nothing to the doctor; but he did give her the letter. I sat on the bed and thought that as it was, she could not take it.


Chapter XI

A day's journey from the village of Gedalum, with three hundred or more men, and no one to speak to, I went with my son's bride and daughter, and was well informed. The whole country seemed to be well settled,
