======== SAMPLE 1 ========
!"!"

She had grown up, and looked at the heavens, where the King wanted to see her, and he had a wife and a great family. 

When he saw the Princess, who became an angel, he called to her, "O queen! O queen! Take me, and I will make you a son!" 

As soon as he was to be taken, she had the whole land, and she said, "Your daughters are to me my children." 

"O sister, the son is already a king, and I cannot bring him to you, but I can bring him to me, and my brother will do my bidding." 

"And my brother?" he enquired. 

"When my mother was married, I am a woman in the same body." 

So the Princess said to herself, "I will make a man for it, and he's a man for me."  

The king's sister said, "There must be an angel to send you. Do you think I can tell you where you can get rid of the man?"  

The princess' father said, "What, what, you, what do I see?"  

The king's sister said, "Listen, the man says, "I am the queen, and so is the queen. That is what I see."  

The king's father said, "What, you, what do I see?"  

The princess' father said, "What, you, what do I feel?"   

The king's sister said, "Who is the queen?"  

The king's sister said, "You who have not, who is the queen; if you can tell the king what must be done, I will be my brother,"  

"Take me," the queen said, "and I will take you, and I will bring you to me."  

The king's sister's father said, "What, you, what do I feel?"  

The princess' father said, "This woman is my child. She is your princess, and it is in her breast that I bring you that child."  

The king's sister's father said, "This woman is my wife. She is her child, and it is in its breast that I bring you that child."  

The queen's father said, "You who have not, who is the queen; if you can tell the king where must be the woman who is to draw you to me."  

The queen's father said, "This woman is my king? Who is her?"  

The king's sister said, "What, you, what do I feel?"  

The queen's father said, "This woman is my husband? He is my king."  

"Do you, who are your wives?" said the king's sister, "I have said that I am a queen; if you can tell the king what must be done. If you can tell the king what must be done."  

The princess's father said, "If you can tell the king what must be done."  

The king's sister's father said, "If you can tell the king what must be done."  

The queen's father said, "If you can tell the queen what must be done."  

The queen's father said, "If you can tell the king what must be done."  

The king's sister's father said, "If you can tell the King what must be done."  

Once the queen's father had taken the place of the King's daughter, the King's sister's father said, "In short, your sister is my wife; I will take her from her and to draw you to me, and I will bring you to me; for I will bring you to the King, and I will bring you to me."  

The king's sister's father asked, "If you have not asked the King who is to draw you to me?"  

"Not in that particular, but I am the King," said the king's sister; "I will be my king."  

The King's sister's father told him, "I will draw you from my body."  

The King's sister's father said, "If I have told you everything, you'll know everything, for I can tell you everything. If I have told you everything, you'll see everything, for I will draw you to me; and if I have told you everything, you'll have a son-in-law in my own body."  

The King's sister's father said, "Now tell me, what is the matter with
