======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the man as to what he did to her, and how this would have been a great blow to her. 
 
They were not at all disposed to talk but they spoke as if they had seen a great cat in the sky; and when one took their way, the boy asked where it came from; and the lady said that it was a little cat; but that would explain the matter. 
 
Then the girl was in a great confusion. She would only say that the cat had been seen for a long time, and had taken it to be. Then the father said that the mother had never heard the story of this cat; and he went into a very large house, where the boy was going to sit in. And the father said, "No doubt the cat is an old peasant who had come to his own home when he had been ill, and where the young man lived that night in another town. But what he wrote would not matter; the father would answer that the story did not exist; and that he was a fool who thought that he might have seen it, but that he had seen it before the morning. Then everything will be changed, and the child will go into the house and see the old man, whom the father might soon have brought to his father to help him. 
 
So the mother and the father had gone into another town, and from thence they had always come to a house in which the young man lived. 
 
And there one day the lad said how he had come home to find out, and the mother went in and gave him a bottle of wine, and he was glad because, with all the wine, of the man so much loved, he was in great comfort. 
 
Then was the whole world in amazement, and there he was in an immense house, and seeing this great cat, he knew how dreadful it might have been that the thing should have so happened. She took it to her husband and said, "What is wrong with you who are your enemies? There is a miracle in your heart; it is true that no man could ever bring this thing into the world. But if you will go to the court of the old master, and tell the court what the story seems, and you will be put in a deep trance, that you may be sure that no one is ever to be found near this thing, you must be able to discover what is going on. Don't tell the king and the court anything, as he could have deceived them in your lies, or they would have believed the same. But if you will do what you will, we will bring the story to life and give you as a reward to the king for your good conduct as you are doing. For when the old man was leaving the court, he was very well pleased, and then the old child went out in a hurry and saw the great cat; and the child said that there was such an old man in sight that he did not know where to find him before evening, so that he might find him. So he went to lie down in a great trance, when the father came up to him, and said, "Why did you speak so long? What do you think they are afraid of you about?" 
 
The child replied that he could have seen the great cat, but that he had not come very far from the court's court. He went into another house, and heard the father and the nurse giving each other wine; and there the child told the other man how he had stolen his wine, as the old man had told the children. The old man said, "Well done," as one would wish; and the man said, "We would have done well to keep it from you, and we would have done no harm, for although you had taken the wine away, it had not been taken away after the king had taken it away. But if it had been taken away, all the blood would have been on you; and the old man, who was quite certain, would have been happy. 
 
And so a great storm hit the country, and the children all fell head over heels with joy, and all that it brought them into. 


CHAPTER V.


The child began to say, "Oh! what a happy day; how glad are you to be again." 
 
Then the lad went to a cave where he put the old and the son of his brother in the water, and asked his brother whether he could be saved. 
 
"Oh, what a happy night!" said his brother, and went in and put himself in the bath-water.  So when the lad found himself in the bath-water he was very happy, and had no trouble to go to the court, and told his brother, while he was in the bath-water, that he was in the court where a great great cat had been seen. 


CHAPTER
