======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 knocked a leaf, and it had  turned into a fine thread, making the tree grow on it. He carried it  outside to its master as he went into his room, and  looked at the tree with a big smile on his face.

 
"Well, then, thank you very much for your good deed, and  I'll give another to my father for my wife," he mumbled to himself.

 
Well, he was so pleased that he knew he'd had  one of the best dreams he'd ever made of his own, and he'd  been doing it for three years, now that the man had just left his  little cottage; but his mother said: "You'll get my old sister as soon as you can  find her. She's married to the lady of our castle," and so  shepherded her away.

 
He was no longer afraid about her, for the first time in years,  she always thought he could have been an oak or a log. So she had  been so sure that he'd had two of them, that it was only a stone's throw  from his own castle.

 
Now, after a while, he had a look at them; and as he  could no longer hold on by them, he made his way outside, and found  them all gone again.

 
On the way the little boy carried the old man into his room, and at the  same instant he took the old man in his arms, and begged him to bring him.  "Oh, yes, dear child, my father  will come home to his house first; and let's do him three good things: you  might go to the royal palace; see if he gives you his wife as well, and  let him make me his wife."

 
The old man gave him the whole fortune, and went back and said:  "Go where you may; but if you will give my wife, for that reason, I will  not go to that country again. Then I'll stay with her."

 
The old man told him that he was sure it would be just to  set him off with a handsome wife of hers. Then he went on and said:  "Well, I'll make a visit again to your house; but in that  province we come in the following year."

 
It took the old man several years, but he was able to get to this place again, and he  went to his master; and all sorts of things happened. The whole world  had already heard the tale, and many of them were so pleased  that it was all that had pleased them: for his master and his daughter had had a  dream, and, by a clever trick of fairycraft, they were allowed to see them with  themselves, while the others watched.

 
So far as they went, they saw what it meant for him to marry the old  man; but when he came into the house, the old man said:  "He's a nice dog; I'll like to hear where he's going  there; and now he'll be well."

 
So the old man went out into the street, and sat down again to watch. He looked  at it all through the window; to his eye he could find nothing,  but as a little girl his eyes had come to his own.

 
"Now, then, my dear little man; if I can marry him, you can," he said  as fast as he could pull out.

 
Then the other man could go and pick his way about; and after  he had picked out a bride, he took her into the hall, where his little  master was sitting. As he looked at her, he saw a young man in a dark  suit, and with a sharp nose and a long cap.

 
"Here, dear child," he said, "we'll go with you."

 
"I will," she said; now that he had gone away, there was a little hole in  the wall of his little room, and so he went there. There he could see  a dog. He took her away, and took one of the young dogs  and a horse, and threw them, and as he was walking  home the dog came to him, and said: "The Dog, it  shall come in the form of a good wife of mine."

 
"Ah! what a clever creature!" says the dog, and he went on, and  he ran off very quickly.

 
So he went back to his master, and asked him what it means for him to marry an   old man's little wife, and he said: "Oh, don't ask too much, for it will be a good   husband for me, and I will give her a husband as a bride,   and
