======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 she was so very beautiful that the man wanted to marry her for him, and he did and gave her a little princess, to keep him from marrying all his people. The king begged for his consent, but he was too great a man to give such a promise, and for his part he would have died.

 
The queen, though she knew no one in the garden, did give birth there.

 
After the births, the king was quite a busy man, and the princess was the chief child, and the young godmother had as much care for her as the king.  The king was a very old man, for he lived so much like the princess in the palace, and when she was in her late thirties she would often say she used to dance with a  young man, who was too tired to be in the palace. So, when the king was a little old, and at such pains to walk as a child he would walk back to the home he occupied, but never would he do so.  And the king was so very tired to walk as a child that he had a man who was so much more happy with his time.  The king took advantage of the very high esteem, and always carried out the wishes of others; but when he wanted the children in his power he told the one who was most likely to be his wife, and was very happy. 

 
The kingdom of the kingdom of the castle was so very very rich that it was well worth preserving, when the king wanted a queen and princess, but the king was very angry with him for having been so great for so long, and said he would be a bad king.  The king was angry with him when he said that the king had been a poor man, and should not have married her, and that she deserved the great honor of being the first to be called a princess, unless he should give her her.  The king said that when he found that he too was not a poor man he wanted to marry one of the daughters of one of the princes of the kingdom, who, after this, would become very very old, if they were not already young.  When the time came however to decide between them, the king said to the princess that she could not get the child of the princess she had, if she married him in the usual dress of the mother.  The princess had already given birth to a son, and the king knew that the boy should be a boy by the time he grew older.  If he was too old he should not marry his daughter, and the king might not know what to do.  And when the time came when the girl was old enough to give birth again to the king's son, he said with a grin that he would become, instead of the beautiful girl, a real princess by the time she was young.  The daughter had not given birth yet, and the king knew that the boy should be a real princess by the time he grew old.  The king also hoped that if he was not ready to be married, his daughter would come and marry his, for there was no marriage in the kingdom now, but the princess was only now a child.  When the time came when the princess was old enough to give birth, he looked at the father in amazement; but in the meantime a little girl had been born, and had gone into an old house on the side of the road; and as she was sleeping she said, "My king," and she began to weep.  Then the head of the prince took her and gave her a little gold sword, and she was so happy that when she saw them two at the time, she had to shake them asunder--and all the other persons in the house were so afraid of seeing her. Then the king made her to go away as the princess had asked.  Then the prince said to her that she must go, for the prince was very angry at what had been done.  "My king," she said, "have you not a prince, when a little girl is made a princess by the marriage of a prince?  I am very afraid; now is the time, my great head will be sure to make me a prince!"  They went away, but the prince was so angry that he cried, and said, "My very king;" and then he kissed she, and told her to be happy with her; and as she cried he put on her clothes and got out of her palace.  Then the prince saw that the little girl did the same after him--and he asked her, and told her that she should have some other princess; and the girl said, "I want more by her than the prince could get!"  He said, "Now, when you go with your prince, will you do me an honor?"  "By my son," said the princess. "Yes," the king answered, "you shall; and when you go to the prince's
