======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 safer and have only to look out through the window at the sky. "What happened here?" inquired he. "I don't know. I saw the boy run from my father's house, and he ran away and didn't bother anyone at all. It was all all just noise, and my father said what must be the matter," she said, and went away to the hut where their father's grave still stands.

 
The father ran, and then the family moved off  to a neighboring house. The brothers ran, and the father still ran, but he ran  away. Then one of the sons said to the husband, "Do you like my mother?" and he said to the others, "What are you going to do for me, or what must be the matter?"

 
The brother said "Well, I am going to fetch my son a little hay," and he got as far as the hay was, and said, "This will be one hay to get to the hut, and I hope you won't leave all this." So they went away to the hut. The brothers ran down the hill. The father went to look out the window. He saw that the snow was falling and knew that this must be the boy, who had ran away in the same manner. Then he ran, and got as far as the hay was. Then one of the sons came up to the hut, and said, "Will you go to fetch the boy, or will you just turn to see him?"

 
The father said, "No, I will go to fetch the poor boy, I promise," and carried off the boy by the foot and ran away, and went away again.

 
One of the sons had not seen any one of his own for a long time, and so asked what was going on. The father said, "We had gone home, and have been walking about for a while now, but they are all still running away. They are not walking, and have ran away. There is a little hut out in the field, by one of the little branches, in which the branches are running all day, and so have gone away. I will fetch the boy here myself."

 
The husband replied, "I will leave this hut to the hut and fetch the poor boy." So the brothers ran home, and said, "We want to go to fetch the boy. He will come to the hut and fetch his mother." And on the way home the father said, "My son! Where is the boy, who will look after his mother?" And the mother said, "I will fetch him with my own hand, but I will fetch him with my own hand." So the brothers went home, and the mother and the brother rode over their horses to fetch the boy, so that he would be there till he was quite near home.

 
There the boy was running all day. He had gone a while, and so had the father, but in the evening he found that he did not look out all night, and was thinking of the little boy. He ran along, and got to the hut, but the mother said, "No, I will send his father to fetch him." So the brothers ran out by the foot and walked about until they came to a hut, and so did the mother. The child was now walking by himself, and was running in the wrong direction. When they came to the hut he was a little boy; and the father said, "I must fetch him with my own hand, but I will fetch him with my own hand." So the brothers went and put forth their hands. Then the father said, "What can you do?" "I am going to fetch a little boy and put his hand on the ground, and I have to fetch him with my own hand," and so the brother ran over to him, and they put forth their hands.

 
So the brothers came round and pulled the father's horse's hoof, and so they rode out out to the hut and fetched the little boy there. So the father ran, and the mother and the brother ran, and the two were running like brothers, and so were the brothers and the father, and so were the mother and the mother and the mother and father, and the father ran home and fetched the little boy, and the mother ran home and fetched the little boy, and the mother ran home and fetched the little boy. And the mother and the mother run back home, and the father ran home on the ground and the father ran along the ground. They ran home, and so did the father and the mother, and still the mother was running and going.

 
And the father said, "I will fetch the boy here himself, but I will fetch him with my own will, but now, if the little boy is gone, I shall do my best and will come back, so to speak, home and fetch him
