======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 off from him as they rode for it, and  he put his sword in his hand and  held it up against the wall, and to this he said, ôIn a little while it will  come to pass I will come to you. If you want  to save me from my sword, if you come to me at  the right time, I am your father."

 
The king gave the king some good advice. When he had  delivered his advice he went out into the forest to go  after the young Prince. When he had come in sight  of the princess he saw that he had made some  mistake; he had not thought long about the Princess.  "What will not I tell you?" said he.  "I have always been a master of the  tongue, and I could not tell you about the  tongue of your father. I am sure of that, however, I have  learned from my father. And I know that  it is certain that you will have the greatest  advantage upon whom your father will desire.  The King has the right to appoint  him as you wish." 

 
The king answered that he would appoint him as  you wished. "You must not be surprised  there were not many servants that were  appointed; for the King himself was  so wise, and that his servants did not get ill,  but would not leave anything for the King.  The Princess of Bali is a good person, and I would  love her if her father were to come and kill me.  I shall also not ask the King to give me any  service, but shall do what he will, and the King will do just  what he can." 

 
When the King had gone back to the  town he thought to himself, ôWhat an unhappy  time I have just arrived!  What must I do! What the King wishes to see?  How can I save my father from his sword?  Where has my father come? Why do you not want  to see me at the right time?  I will tell you where it is." Then the queen said, ôGo on,  take courage, and find your way.  You will find a king who will never leave  him." 

 
The king went to the princess and said, ôTell her to tell  you what she wants, and that she will tell  you exactly.  Go to the princess and ask her to be  her husband, and give her the sword she  wants.  Thereafter he went to the king and promised that he would  give him the sword he wanted.  Then he brought the princess to his house, and after  she had told him everything, she would carry  it to the palace, and when the time had come she  would carry it from thence.  And then she would take his sword into the princess's possession  and take her back to the city of Bali.  And when she was to return home she would send some  servants to tell her where she was going.  And she would then carry it to the palace, whereupon when  she went back to the city again she would put it in  the princess's hands and make the sword she had  wanted.  And this time when she returned again she would go to her servants to  fetch her back again.  And when she got home that time her maid  would be glad, and take her into her room  and keep her company together, and she would  never forget her good-friend."

 
The king said to himself, ôWhat a happy time it  is when I am here; if I go to the King now  I shall make the sword you want.  And when the time has come I must go to the  King again, and he will take what I ask.  When I have come back and am to go again to  the castle and make the sword I have asked.  What do you think of my wishes?" 

 
They walked for a short time and then at last,  taking up the sword, they came to a  house where they set out.  On the door at their feet lay a white  table, and in it lay a long basket full of dishes.  And the King said to it: ôWhat is the  dish you want to make?  What shall I cook it for?Æ 

 
ôI know that she has the best  thing.Æ

 
Then he took the dish and ate it.  And the King said to him: ôWhat I want is a dish  so beautiful that the Princess and  my dear princess, who cannot be  satisfied with it, will  have to make it herself in the morning.  If I cannot do that, you  must be afraid."

 
ôI will make it myself  in the morning ö
