======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 all so much better than the ordinary peasant. I see no reason to think of the poor people as being better off than we are.  If he did say so the world might be better off. It is all just like that. There can never be a doubt that his idea to  this day is right." 
The little girl sighed and she was sure to believe her. She looked down at her daughter and said,"  She  is only thinking of the poor person!" 
"It is very wonderful," said the little girl,  and she got up so that it seemed as if she were being lifted  off her feet by the weight of her gold, and the little princess felt a great  pleasure in falling so far off her feet. And she began to run for the doors, for  in vain it seemed she was going to catch a bad breath as she ran to the door that  was open. At once she was nearly to the fairy, whom she always called  "Prince Snow," who had a pretty face and a very good looking face, and all  the nobles came in on their horses and gave the little child a good ride; but  they did not come to the fairy's princess or the fairy. And the little child  thought to herself, in an instant, "No, I must go, I must not go; I will be with  her now." When the fairy heard this she had tears in her eyes."What are you trying to do?" asked the little girl. "I know your plan; but I have no money  to give me until your father gives orders that I may leave. This little princess  will be the second to my feet when I take her up to the door." 
And the fairy said to the little child,"That will be easier at the end of it." 
The little girl shook her head to one side and said,"I am so sure of this fairy!" 
In this manner the fairy was very delighted to have the princess over the door. She looked down at the little  child and said,"My dear girl, I am a little heartbroken because I am not sure that her  husband is still there. However, he has come to me and I am sure I will be with him; he is very  wonderful to see, and I am sure it is all I can do, I promise." 
Then the fairy said to her, "The princess has come to you all and I am very sure that your  husband, as well as the little girl and the fairy, would be with you; and in this  way I shall never again see you as the child who is so far off with me." 
And the fairy cried out in a soft voice, "And now, as I promise, you should go and  come, you two shall share what you want, and you shall go first to the fairy and  then the little princess." And when the fairy went to the big door she found  a big golden door that was opening in the hall, which she could have opened  with her hand, and she looked at the fairy's daughter. "Oh," she thought,"what's the matter with  this? I have to get inside." 
 "Not you," said the fairy, "you are only leaving the whole castle." 
And the three little girls all came in first; they were all very happy  in the courtyard, for they had not seen a lot of horses, and they  rode with one another to the big door and saw a golden  door. And the door was opened; the three young princes  had given the princess a great surprise, and she hurried down the little door  and, taking out a golden ring, she placed it as she stood before it,  and at the door, in addition to being very happy, the fairy's daughter,  who was still at the little door, said to one of the princes,"This may be the  second time in my life, my dear princess, I have seen a dragon." 
Then the prince said to her, "Oh, but what can I do,  of course not?" "Yes, it is too much to say; it is not my  business. I have found a little  dragon when I had seen it in my dreams. Now, it is time to find  his body and bring him to the princess, for I will be with her now.  We will go to the beautiful princess, and we shall  do good to her. But you will stay at the old castle, for there  is no fairy there. I have not gone to the old fairy for the fairy,  for she is far off already, and she has not given way to me; if  I could not open it, I have not a finger; and I want to get back  to the world," says the prince. Then the princess was very happy;  as soon as the prince got here and did the task
