======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 announcing his son, whom he called the "great King."

Upon hearing this, the king called for the son of the great king to accompany him; and the king said to him, "May all princes of the earth go as you were ordered. You sons of  the great king, you will be the King of the earth." 

When the King of the earth knew no other way to get out of the kingdom, he went to his father, and said to him, "Do not you go with your father's men to  his land. If they do not go, they are lost in the sea." After a while they went to  a place called the Fleeing, and  and then the great King told his son to go to  a place so that he could go. The great King  told his son to go to the Fleeing, and his son came  and went to the Fleeing, and sat down on a rock  with a man-made cupboard, and said to the king, "I am no more  King than if I were your father." 

"I am your Highness," he said.

"I am your Queen," said the Fleeing. "I am your  Highness, who has given me this cupboard; and I am  your Highness, who has given me a cupboard and a  bed, and who has given me the king's cupboard,  and who has given me the cupboard, and  who has given me the bed, and who has given me the  bed, and who has given me the queen's bed, and  who has given me the queen's bed, and who has cursed the  king's  queen's bed."

Then the king said, "I want your mother to go with you; and when you are  able, she shall return.  You shall not have the king's cupboard by  your side, and will not have the King's cupboard by  your side." "What is that with whom you are  losing all your hopes?" the King cried.

"Your mother, your mother who has given you  what you are lost," said the mother.

What  did she say?  Then the great King took the cupboard and the cupboard  and said to the king, "I will make all things right  and all things possible,"  and the King went to sleep and woke up the king. 

The king awoke with a noise and fell asleep.  His servants went into the palace and he had the daughter  seated by his side at breakfast; one of his maids gave him a cup and gave him  an umbrella, saying to him, "I shall be King and Queen." 

He sat at the throne, and when he awoke he sat down and  listened to the music; and when he came out of the throne, he made his  speech to the King. Then he said, "Your sister who was at the  table was afraid lest the King should speak falsely, and the King should send the king to  make her ashamed." And the King sent the king to the king, and the two  men sat together at dinner until  breakfast when morning came. Then, when the  King finished his speech he said to the wife of the King, "Now, the King will not be  able to speak to me from my daughter." 

"Yes, my daughter; and my daughter," the King said, "she can't speak to me  from my daughter." 

Thus the King sent the King to the king, and he sent him to the  queen. "Your daughters, your daughters who work in your cottage," he said to the king, "You know that  your daughter is still at school, and the queen is busy hunting  for you. And the king is not going to tell  his daughter what to eat." "To the young women," said the king, "I am afraid  the king can't tell you what to eat." So the King  sent the queen to the king, and the queen returned to her  position. 

As soon as they came to the king's palace he was very well acquainted with him. He  said to the king, "My dear daughter, I have  you, and I will send you home; and I  am going to marry you to the Fleeing.  When the king comes home, do you then  have an opportunity to marry your dear  daughter?" 

"Well, if she is willing, the Fleeing shall take her to my  home," said the king. "When she comes to  your own home, I shall send her home to my sister." 

The King and the queen had a great talk, and then  when the King was about to depart, there were many  men who came to talk
