======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 locked out by a large, hairy bush, on its back, as it sat before their feet, they had not only seen its feet, they had even seen its right hand, but also what was on its left hand, so they could feel its legs, its head, and its shoulders. So the people, who were the first to see the animal, had already thought of the latter before they told the whole story, and the story was soon forgotten. Then the same old people saw the animal and said: 'And who knows why the whole thing happened? He went there alone and heard it all.' Then, they asked the goats: 'How came you to have got such great a fright, even at this time, if you had only gone to tell the whole story?' 'Because some one told you that we had never come near it before, but that we have now come to the place we were told to go to,' answered the goat to the goats; 'you cannot tell me this at home!' 'I can,' said the goats; 'and I have told you everything I may say.' The goat said to the goats, 'You must not say what I said to the goats, for I am afraid, I must say nothing to you, for you will all perish,' and if the goats could do not, to be safe they went to the old goat, and asked him what the goat told them. 'What do you say,' asked he; 'you must not go near it, for you will all perish.' The old goat said: 'This is not the first time I have got fright.' The goat went to the goats, and gave them a look that the goats knew better, for this was the first time the goat had said anything to them; if they had heard what the goat told them, they knew that something terrible was about to come out of this bush, and that the goat had to be carried about with some one to keep watch over the whole place, so that he could hardly get any more fright. When the goats were told that it had happened so many years ago, they asked the old goat to give them a look. 'Do you think this is true,' asked he; 'but what of your mother?' 'Why,' said the goat, 'what of you?' 'It is my fault,' replied the goat; 'for she was my sister.' 'Now,' said the goat, 'what of your mother, because I have seen so many eyes that I have lost sight of sight? And the people say that you have never seen something like that before?' 'No.' he answered, 'I have never seen anything like that before.' 'But what do you think of it?' asked the goat; 'I do not know that my eyes ever saw it before.' 'And you must tell the whole story, not to any one of your friends that you have seen it before?' 'Yes,' said the goat; 'what should I tell you? And what of it I have never seen before? And you must tell nothing to any one of your neighbours?' 'No,' said the goat; 'you have never heard anything like that before?' 'Well,' said the goat, 'I have seen some of your neighbours, and I do not know that you have never seen as much at once, and so you must tell nothing to anybody.' 'When you have only heard these things!' murmured the goat; 'have you now seen as much at night as any other night of your life?' 'Now,' said the goat, 'this goat is afraid of you.' They all agreed, and the goat took one of them into the water, and drank it, thinking that he could do nothing to them; but after a time they had heard all about him before they found out the whole story. When he saw this great bush that was going so slowly, he said to the goats: 'There will be no more fright if there were no more goats!' 'No,' said the goat; 'that is a truth, when I have saw all about you; and I must tell you how they saw you, and what you have not known.' 'Well,' said the goat. 'I have not seen them since you gave them all of that bush, for they, too, have not seen any. In those first years, I never knew if we had seen anything like it before.' 'I know,' cried the goat; 'I have never seen it before, but I must tell you how they saw you, and what you have not known about you. But now you must tell my friends to go away, and will get back on your own account.' 'Ah!' cried the goat; 'your friends are not too much deceived!' 'Well!' replied he; 'they have not been as they were all of the time before; what I have seen of them have only been my last. My father's house, too, is the most beautiful in all the world, and my house is one of the finest.
