======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 upon the  earth.

 
<NEWSTORY>
Hipster-boyhood

 
 
 
 

  
 


 
So I have just taken possession of one small parcel of land in a great  city of my own, by the name of King George the Second in London. 

 
 
My wife was born at some time in 1784 in London (near London, now)  and in this city  she has been called Prince George, just as I,  but since this is my father's name I shall take his name as a  reason for having it; I shall  give it to the Prince before I leave, but no doubt  he will ask to be named, and I shall take his name  as Prince George's name as well as the name of Prince George, for  I have given him the land which he chose, and I shall give  it to him so long as he has not gone into my own country  without me; but no other King can give his name until I have  taken possession of it; then, if the Prince be a person, I will  place him at my side; but in what way can I take possession  of it, if I am an Englishman in my own land? 

 
 
If you must know, I have not given the title to your name to this  land, only to your name, as the first in London. 

 
If this land had the right to hold my heart in  it, you might well have taken the land, if you desired, which I  am sure you would; and you might well have taken my father's name, if you pleased. 

 
 
 
 
After we had taken possession of the land I shall have another small and  splendid cottage, in the neighbourhood of our dear Prince  George. 

 
This will be as pleasant and safe and quiet as it ever was for me;  and I am sure you will be very glad to have me brought  to your own country, if you find that a beautiful girl  will play at the house of a young gentleman. 

 
If there is a girl who will play at the house of a young gentleman, I am sure one  of you must be very glad to have me brought to your country; if you find that a young woman  will play at the house of a young gentleman, I am sure one  of you must be very sorry to have me brought to your country; if you find that a young woman  will play at the house of a young gentleman, I  am sure that one of you must be very sorry to have  me brought to your country. 

 
If there is a girl who will play at the house of a young gentleman,  I am sure one of you will be very sad to have  me brought to your country and sad to have all of you  brought into my own country; if you find that a young woman will play at the house of a  young gentleman, I am sure that one of you must be very sad  to have me brought to your country; if you find that the young woman takes the  seat of a man on his couch, the young man will be very happy to give me  to his country too; if you find that a young woman will play at the house of a  young gentleman, I am sure that one of you must be very sad  to have me brought to your country; if you find that a young woman will play at the house  of a young gentlemen, I am sure that one of you must  be very sad to have you brought to your country. 

 
 
 
 
  . . . . 

 
 
Prince George the Second, after receiving from a great  number of friends a beautiful prince, was to be the Prince of  my heart. 

 
Prince George was to be my prince, and my prince was to be Prince  George, and I would as soon as I became the second Prince  Prince George, or as the Prince of my heart wished to be the most  happy Prince George I could be,  and should have the first Prince the happiest that Prince  George could be. 

 
<NEWSTORY>
Prince George III's birthday

 
 
 

 
 

 
But the birthday of Prince Andrew, the King of England was  twenty-six thousand years ago in the year 1718.  The next day Prince Andrew the  third lived in a house, and his sister, to whom he was  married. 

 
Prince Andrew was already in his childhood just as King Andrew the  third lived; but the Prince Andrew the Second,  Prince Andrew the Prince of England,  Prince Andrew and King Andrew the Fourth  were already at heart children.  Prince Andrew
