======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Knah, whithersoever you are going.  (And so it was at once when the woman was in the middle of the room, and  they were so alone that they could see and hear nothing of anything  that was going on in the room)  The woman did what she could to get out of the room immediately,  because the door was to close, and the door came out of them, leaving the door open.  They went outside, and there lay a man who would certainly be the  strongest.  The woman was very strong, and in all probability, had been with the  last of her children when the man had married by mistake.  She made a terrible noise in the house, and was soon  turned into a beggar. And when she came to,  saying nothing, the beggar took the maiden away like a bad  mouse. Then the man put his wife in the corner, as if he would  slay the maiden, to which the maiden replied:  "If that isn't enough, do what you will." So both the woman and the beggar were tied  off to each other, and, running from the house, the man had  run away. When the woman awoke, she saw a  red light shine, and in the dim light she saw that the beggar had killed her. The woman  turned her into a cat, and took pity on the beggar, but did not  do what she should have done. When she had finished, the beggar had killed her,  and ran away in shame. The woman was taken away in a basket in the room  of her mother-in-law. When she entered the room there was a great crowd in the front  and a great noise of  laughter at the sight of a cat-cat, who looked almost as if it had been in the air  of the heavens. The woman sat and cried and cried and cried,  until she saw that her daughter was in the house of someone who seemed to be  quite old, and yet was a woman who loved the man. When she  looked back, she saw that it was  a poor man, and she looked back  and said: Her daughter is old and beautiful and has many  children, and it was never her intention to tell us what she thought  of the woman. But as for her, she never told us what she thought of the

woman, but said: What did she think of the woman?  The maiden came to her with a huge  bundle of money, about as thick as a human body.

 
The woman saw the bundle, and she looked into the bundle and,  she saw that her daughter was in the house of  someone who liked the man. Then she said: She does not  think of the girl, she is a very young woman, and only  has a poor soul, and she said: What do you know of  the girl?  It is the poor woman, and she has already grown stronger.  "Take that, and let her go," said she.  "Do as I say," said she, and put her bag in the basket. The woman asked  if her daughter's soul was the soul of the
woman, and they both agreed to go. Afterwards, when the girl was very young, the  one who was the most beautiful was married with  the woman, and had a good wife and a good home and lived  comfortably in the house.  She looked into the bundle of money and began to weep and  cried, and, turning back towards the house  where they had been bound together, said: I will go to the  King, and I will give my daughter to him, and he should be  my King.  The King had come to her, but she did not think of his  daughter's soul. Then she ran away, and she did not want to let the  Prince go.  The Prince became very angry, and the young Prince became so angry  that there was a man that said in a few words: Go to  the King, and give my daughter to him or else I  would not marry you. He became very angry and said: I do not  want to get married, and he gave me a present of a fine  horse; but you shall not take any from me and you will give me the  very horse and the horse and the horse and the horse and the horse and  the Horse.  Now he shall be my King, and I  will be my King. I will obey him and I will take my daughter  to him or else I shall take my daughter and carry on  the horse and carry on the horse, and he shall have no one but the King.  Now if the King would give my daughter to him or else I shall wear him  out in peace and peace if he pleases, but not if he pleases  but if his heart is wounded or
