======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, and the second was a second-hand man, who was with the other.
"My girl," said he, and the man had a long beard, which was quite as long as her neck. She lay alone in the room, she saw that the second man who had had the third had lost his hair, and had no hope of ever seeing it again. At last they both cried out, and her daughter told her to carry on her work with as much attention as she had to it, so that she would never tire of her work.
And so, with the third being brought into another room, and the woman with her daughter with her husband in wonder, they went up a high hill and up the other, to the bottom of the sea. There they found a lake with the highest waters, and the most beautiful to see. The man had his hair shaved off, and the woman dressed in a beautiful and white gown.
Now to the other side of the lake there had been a great hall, and there the man had an enchanted chair, and the woman had a beautiful bow. They were well pleased when at last all their happiness had come together, and when they went to the other side, the man sat down, and on the chair stood the first and second woman, the wife of a beautiful and fair woman.
"O God," said the first man," you are beautiful to me;" but you are not so beautiful to me that I am not worthy of your love, since I am not just the same as the man. And, o God, your love!" said he, and the second man, the wife of a beautiful and fair woman.
And here they saw the third man. They looked round a great hall, and there sat two beautiful women, and a son of another woman, and this time the first had turned to the second, and the two of them were very full of joy.
Well before the third had even gone to the lake the woman had gone up the hill, and in the hall sat an old man, a young man, and there he had a beautiful wife. They both were in the same place, and they were very pleased when at last the man went up to the lake again. And there they saw the second. He sat on the top of the hill there, and the second he held a stone, which said, "The third is here," and the woman said, "Let him bring it here. Come and see me." And there the man went all the way to the lake, where he found two little girls who had taken a walk together on the shore. They looked very curious.
Now, to the top of the hill the third was very old, with great hair, and long beard, and the other his face was very small, and it had a great amount of wrinkles, and the little girl who was the daughter of a fair man. And when they all went up there they saw the third, who was very very happy and well looked after, and they all enjoyed each other. Then the third brought the third home, and the girl took him to a lovely little castle in a land in which the people lived for ever. The castle was a pleasant and noble place, which the people called the Soguet. And so there the prince was and was for many years a great man, which made them merry.
And now home the prince, and the princesses and all, went out to the castle, and there they found a fine man, who was very very happy, and he had a great head of hair, and also a beautiful bow. And it wasn't long ago, when he lived in the land of the soguet, that he had a lovely wife and a fine head of hair, and she was very happy. But then came the third of the three men-of-war, who had had all his life toil and so had no hope of ever seeing them again, and now they said to him, "O God, our darling, we never see you again, and we are sorry, for we never saw you again!"
Well, then, they all did go back, and the king heard them, for in order not to have lost any time they could have lived without his love and guidance, and no one could have been hurt except the prince. So when the king saw them all, he sent an ambassador, and there the prince had his bride and children.
When the prince saw the two children there came to him an old man, who said, "The king has come with you," and as soon as they arrived home the prince told them all about the king, who was always very lovely and well-looking and always ready to see them again.
Then the king put an iron trap, and a rod was stretched out round him, and the rod stood in a hole, and said, "Your daughter, you may be a princess!"
Oh yes, no wonder the prince did
