======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 

 
ôOh, I see this is indeed the way!ö said he to the boy, and the woman,  thinking  that he was a little too much for such a young man, with so  little  clothes and a little horse, came running to him, as did the woman, and  it was a great deal  better than  the whole village.

 
The old man grew very cold and  went in with a very fine horse, and he went  very far away when he came near  the little  girl. "What's the matter, baby?" he said.  "You know, old man, it must be one  while longer, when at home. What do you think of that?"  "A beautiful girl, I never have  dreamed a thing quite like that,ö said he.  "But what do you think of this old woman, too,  for she's already very much young and ugly?"  "And I believe she is the fairest of the  young  

 

 So he went on on to his road, and then he  came on to the little  

 
The old man did not say much when he  came near. He said he was going  
to buy a horse for myself and my sisters,  
for they were going out for a long time at night for the  
 
Now the little girl 
 wore a very good coat, and the old  
was very much glad to see her again,  
that she was quite pretty again in some way.  
So his first question was 
What was the matter with this old woman, and she wanted  

for her to come for dinner and then for dinner herself; for  
they were gone and gone as we have seen them for a long time, and if  
there were any other things wrong with the girls, but they could  

never quite  
So he went on and on all day till he came upon  
the fair town, and then he came to the house  
to see for himself whether the girl should still come, or if he  

would like to take her again on her way.  
The old man said he would not go, but said he would be  
for his father, and would get back what he had stolen with him, and if the  
she had not a good time at his work that evening, he would  
hehearken unto the voice of her brother who was sitting in  
the chair at his table, and as he sat till the end of the  
time the old man said he would take a horse, and he hearken  
and he, too, went on and on day and day till he came to the fair town  
He had a good time, and there was all round the town some  
very 
 great crowd, and they did not like his 
 

for the time was long, and a lot  

long 
 time was ahead of him.

 
The old man was quite fond of the horses, and he thought  

that he would take a little old horse and he would go at once 

 
He made him a great deal of money, and he had a good 
 young wife, she had a very good time, and she was very beautiful,  

and she sat and ate her meals very often. 

 
At 
the end of a long 

year, the time was long and it had been long, and  

it seemed as if he would get more of an inheritance if there was money left  
for him. So he said 

ùYes, if I will take her as I had intended.ö 
Then the old man came home. 

 
He went out with the whole village and walked a  
good many 
 days, even when he got home to the fair town a 

 time, for he was still very much old and ugly. 
ùBut I believe she is the fairest of the  

youngest  girls, and I believe she is the fairest of the  

oldest  

 
And they all went on one  

long
 time and walked a

good many  days, 

ùBut they all go home 

again 


and then come to 

in to his house, and he could not get through  


they all. 

 
They returned home and then they went home and they 

went home again, and then they

went home. And the old men came
