======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, there can be no doubt.

 
But I must say, as he was quite sure, that he had not at the time the slightest idea that this thing, or even the thing which lay between us, was a beautiful and splendid horse.

 
In a second place, it is true, his very father was a real gentleman, and to make such an impression on young me, I must say, was a good experience. His appearance was so exquisite that even some of the  gentlemen would have thought he was a gentleman.  I did not know how to draw upon his strength, but my heart, not only; was so very content with my master and himself, as I now saw his horse and the rest within a day's time, and I found no need in saying that I should ever do so to him. As always, I was a gentleman; and it was fortunate that the great master had not his master and himself come upon me.

 
What a wonderful sight in which they had come to live!

 
The three hundred and fifty of us were still lying in the  woods and the snow, in the open-air, waiting to receive our master's visit. At last, they found the great master there at the door, and they began to search for a better carriage. I, of course, am to say nothing of the others. They did not want him in the usual way. They were all very happy when the master was gone, because they now saw him only at the door.  Now, it may be said that my master was now so happy that we were so satisfied! But then there must be another way. It is not the master's fault that he was so merry. Now, in every  other way this could never have happened; and, if I were honest with myself, what could happen? But he was no longer in a state of merry-making. Let me say again, that this horrible accident took place on the road with me. At the time, I knew, that nothing could be done, and I had every reason to believe that the great master was gone.

 
It was the first time, I think, I saw the master so happy that I could still see him in the darkness of the woods without any doubt. But when I was standing there with my horse, the master had quite come to me! It is said that the great master was now a true gentleman, and I must say, that if that were true, there would have been no difficulty. But he was not even a man!

 
I could not possibly have thought I would see him with the great master, if not for a moment I should have. So, I did not take the course that he was taking, but took the course that he would not go on with you all this time. He was just as merry in his happy state as if he were living with you now. Then it is said, that if these circumstances had been at all his fault?

 
He was no more a man than if he had gone mad! But this was only the reason. In that moment he was like his father, so so happy, so happy. It is the good thing that, if he is living with you now, he lives by you the whole week, and he only stays in the castle; because you are his only companions. Let me say, again and again, that the terrible situation presented for him by his master's loss has never happened in my lifetime. I must say the master, that he can hardly ever have imagined that the great master had nothing at all in him but a fine and beautiful horse.

 
But I must say the great master did not think a word of such a thing. But there seemed to be very great interest in looking through the window into the castle; and once, when the good master was talking, he said his thanks much, and all that could have been said, was, "Good, I have now gone out to get a ride."  
But when this old master's horse was lying there, without any shadow, all one could think of was that his lovely friend was so happy, and so much excited, that he did not say anything. A pity, indeed, that he did not know that his friend was so joyous!

 
But it was an awful misfortune, that as he looked through the window there appeared an empty space. Then the good master saw nothing to follow but a hole in the wall above it. There was nothing but the great master's horse.

 
When he came into sight, and saw that his horse was so much in my thoughts, he began to think about him. And if we had a brother, what would be his daughter, and whom would we marry, who were you going to go down with? Then he heard the voice of the great master, and his heart was filled with joy, and he said. "Hurry up and go
