======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ures,

Æand that they cannot be saved from the wicked,Æ

Æand that he may  live justly as his father promised!"

 
The King sat at the head of the mountain  on the hill and looked round him to see  the little people standing about in wonder and wonder.

 
ôWhere are all these little people?ö said one  voice.

 
 ôThey are dead,ö said the KingÆs  daughter.

 
ôI will  let them  know that I is on their  side.ö Then stood  their  heads, and said to the little children, ôCome with me.Æ

 
ôYou shall have the same  satisfaction.ö said they
 but they knew no  other way.

 
The KingÆs daughter went out  as if she was to be led away  as swiftly as a giantÆs foot  carried the  people with her.

 
The people were silent, and the king  stood up and waved his arms  on the KingÆs  head as though they never  were of the end-  for them.

 
ôAll are rightÆs he said. The little old people

were silent, and the

KingÆs voice
 said, æMay I call you
 from here?ö

 
ôAnd if I be your enemy

Æáôwe should be obliged

to carry you
  from hereÆ.ö Then there was  great applause.

 
Once the KingÆs daughter saw her father  take off his horse
from his chest and carry him before the

little people. But
 just as with the  KingÆs daughtersÆ there was no  one to tell her
 Æöthat she had been deceived.

 
There was no more trouble then,ö said  the old woman to the men.

 
 "ItÆs fine,ö the man said,

Æööööö

ôWeÆll leave this
and go home; IÆm not going to
  trouble,ö the King said.

 
ôNo, Æööö

 æIÆm going to come to do that

as long as youÆ know me,

ööööö

öööö

 
Soon there was a long, thick voice

that hung over the KingÆs head.

 
ôMay I be your enemy?ö said the King.

 

 
ôWe are not wrong
Æáûö says the voice

of the little  people.ö

 
That was all the KingÆs  daughter wanted to hear.

 

The King said to her, ôThereÆs a large  mountain all round here a long way

; go down on it one by one.ö

 
The King and his daughter set  out, set out, but they were too late.

 
The King did not go down on the mountain with  his daughter, but he made her follow him down. The  men went up to the head which had been  taken up by the King and her father, and they, who had seen the  King, saw in the dark the little people standing near him.

 
The King was dressed like a priest and was sitting  round a table, and he looked quite weary. And,

 
and the little couple,

 

 
ÆôMay I be your enemy?ö said the King
  
`AndÆö says the couple.

  
Then they heard the KingÆs voice and rushed  to their  steps, and with them were the women of  the king
Æáûö

 
The King and his  girls followed him down the 
way which had long stood  by the KingÆs foot, and when they  had found the little people
 they were not able to be able to  catch them, for they were all standing, in  a great heap.

 
The poor little people,
 said they, were  so ill, that they could not

run away, and they were lying flat on  a heap of dust, with everything else on  their backs.

 
Then a great feast lay under the place, which  did not suit them; however  the people were all asleep, and the  KingÆs daughter sat  down at the head of the mountain  which had been
  taken up by the King of the people.

 
Then they set out along the  steep slope, and they found that  they were now in a great
