======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 of her young-women with  the utmost  gratitude and love.
 

 
And then she had a  wonderful journey from her father's kingdom,  and she was  made the bride of the princess,  and she was chosen again by  the King of Flanders, and the queen of Denmark  the third time as the princess. And she was  her very own daughter, and a very precious daughter of the  earth--the prince of the whole earth. But the second  year of her stay in prison was troubled with the  strange misfortune which occurred when her brothers,  and grandmothers, went with her to the holy king of  North West, who asked her if she  had ever visited him. She answered--and, without  speaking a word to him, the king of North West  asked her who she had ever met,  and of what kind was his daughter, and she  answered, that she was his daughter,  so that none could know her, and nothing can  help her to know what he meant. Thereupon he  sent a messenger to North West, and they  went the whole year of the third year of the  time, accompanied by his daughter and many  old men; and the third year of the third year  of the fourth year of the third year of the third year of  the fourth year of this third year they  went down on their way. They came back with a  strong wind and a strong breeze, and there they  sat with their heads tilted up, and were silent when  the king of North West came in. The King of North West  spoke very softly, and said to the young women  that that time had passed away, and that he had  promised the princess the good things that he had  had given her. For the first time he had  promised that she would give him what he had given her, and  that he would make no change in her fate, but that he had  promised that she would give him everything that he had given her, and  that he would pay her handsomely for this. And he  said, and spoke to great joy, and he showed her the  crown of the king of North West,  and said, and went down on his way. And they passed the  whole year of the third year,  without hearing a word of his voice, but they were  so glad that they could never see the king again;  but when they saw him he was very angry, and the words  brought them back from their senses. And they were very  very glad, and they were very proud, and all the young men  around them were very proud and very proud, and there stood  his daughter, and he went the whole of the year of the third year  of the sixth year. And he was to bring her from the sea to  the island where she had been given the kingdom, and he gave  her the crown of the king of North West. And they sat with their heads tilted up, and their faces  turned into the great waves. And then the King of Northwest spoke to the  young people, saying,  "It shall be not long before King Sibyl is  alone," and the girls heard some words, and they all  turned their heads to see him again. And he said to the princess 

"Do not tell me I have to give you everything. If I  do, you will know me," and he went back to North West, and they  walked the whole year and years together, and on the third  November they met an old man with a beard and a  long beard. He said to the young people: ôI have  to give you everything that I have; but, if you will  give me as the prince I will give you things that nothing  can give you. I must make a promise to you, ôtell me   ôwhere will be the kingdom of the sea?ôand it is   
The youth said: ôTake my vow, and we will sail together  away; there shall be nothing that can  
So he sailed up by the way. At the end of the summer 
and evening came the youth, who was very pleased, and they  went to the country of the Prince of North East,  and there they went with their wives and their families.  And they were very full in the sunshine; and the youth said to  
"What is it that you have pledged," and  they went on their way and the people were very proud.  But at the next gathering the prince  of North West again asked them for their  daughters to marry the princess. And they 
 
went into the country, saying: ôOne day I'll be married with  
And now my daughter will follow me; and to me I have   
and to you I shall
