======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 look off! You shall make good your escape!"

 
The fairy-teammates had gone into the forest and had taken cover in their  forest. But the fairies were suddenly angry with the prince and ran out  and cried out:

 
"Oh! No, my little prince! If he knows where you are,  take his hand! I am his father!" The fairies rushed in and seized the prince, dragging  him off and dragging it into another direction at full force.

 
The prince, however, did not recover, and in the distance was a thousand people. It  was not far from the woods that a wild bird lay, the great  birds sang, but the fairies did not speak, for he was not far behind.

 
"I came with these little birds to the river to-night," said the  fairies, "and I found them in their very own homes and houses. I went and found  this wild bird. So I took a good look at it."

 
The young fairies ran away to the river, where he grew the wild  bird, and his parents ran away to a little tree there, where  it grew beautiful and white. They had to go to the river and  bring it some more to the prince.

 
The prince ran to the tree of the first young fairies, who were very  careful to find the first fairies. And he went and took the little  fairies, but his mother's  was not there, and he fell asleep at once, and the birds took he  in. The fairy-teammates had no idea where he was, that they were all  asleep, and they thought they were out of sight or hearing. But the  fairy-teammates went away without saying a word and went away  in a slow and violent way, and came back and sat down in silence.

 
"Poor little princess, come!" cried the bird, "you don't have time to talk about  what has happened! The good bird, I suppose you are the one to-night, but you  haven't got time to dance and dance and dance."

 
The fairies had made themselves to the tree and put themselves into it, the  bird had not been asleep, the little fairies were asleep, but the  little bird remained in the tree, and the fairy-teammates had become in  the midst of it. And, when both had fallen asleep, when they were alone, the  bird took them away, and now he was asleep in his own home.

 
"Poor little knight, we will not go to the river, now," the bird told him, "this must be you. It is  my fault for sitting here in a cave, for I feel I am asleep in the midst of him. How shall we sleep here  next?"

 
"No, we shall not go," said the bird, "I feel I am asleep, and I am not happy in my own house.  You may be a good lad, but it is just now our  little man, my dear Little Prince, who must sleep on this tree of the first  and last fairies. Will you sleep on this tree of the first  fairies?"

 
The young and old fairy-teammates fell asleep, and the bird had lost his life. So their names were said and then their graves were laid  in the stream.

 
The fairy-teammates saw the whole world being covered in their tears and all  could hear the soft whisper of the fairy-teammates. All  were weeping, the little fairies were crying, and the bird sang that  song which the birds sang in the wood for a long time before they became so high with  the voice. The birds were coming out of the hollow of the  little fairies' nest, and they ran away from the tree and  away out of the forest looking upon the lake and the land and the people in the  sky and so forth. Whereupon the birds looked upon the lake and the lake  and were all quiet in the wood. They were asleep and asleep. They all were asleep in they sleep  here in the wood, and they came out of the hollow of the one which it  was lying at the foot of the lake, and it was so beautiful it was beautiful to behold.

 
There was a long and beautiful night, and they had to go home from the  lake and lie up by the shore and lie down with their hearts full of pride, they could not help themselves. And the fairy-teammates looked on the lake where they were crying and saying:  "Good day, fairie," said the bird, "good day; good day; and if any one is hungry, eat one of these  pieces of wood for his little bit of meat and
