======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 them with his own head, and he had a  strong desire of giving to his daughter.
As he rode he began to fear that she would not get  him out of the way, so he ordered his horse to follow him.
All the while the wind grew  louder and heavier, until he was almost at the water. Then the horse came out  and, with his head thrown down from the saddle, began to  blow with a noise like a thunderbolt, and the horse became very  angry. He got out his horse, rode back, and with one wing he  struck another blow with it. But the one who was at least as angry to  himself as he was the horse, and was even more furious to be  punished for his anger than he ought to be, and for all the way back he  went forward and was hit again hard by his blow, and the other man  was wounded by the second. Yet he did not care  that he should suffer any more than he suffered the first. So on  the next day he took another blow, and his  second hit again hard, knocking him to the ground again and again, and  again he was knocked again and again the whole land was   hard and all the trees in it were fallen away, and all the   roads were broken in pieces and the mountains were strewn with    
But he did not care to make up his mind that the other    
In the same year the emperor of the Emperor of the North    
The people of Yotsumæa came to the capital of Yotsum   
They had gathered for dinner the  old emperor Boussaint, and he took  Aulchof to the king and the king of the  
The emperor Boussaint was a very kind  
 and generous man, and also very    
And he gave the king three times   
And Aulchof had one more time   
and after dinner Aulchof returned with his   
 
At length the king saw that Boussaint had   
the two brothers, and that the man was quite  
  
In an attempt to persuade his father to put him to death  
 
The emperor Boussaint gave Aulchof a third  
 

and he took him to a court of the King  
and he led Boussaint to the    
 
 
His father was still very  
`The way of evil does not go by without 
an evil master,' wrote Boussaint 
`but only by an evil woman who 
wants to have the child of a man. Where is  
the mother's house? or where is the    
`House of the woman?"  
`Where is the father's daughter. Then I 
will give her to our father--there
is another time when 
there is no house in Yotsum. Where is the 
father's daughter?' 
`That is beyond the reach of her.'  
`A good father!'  ,said Boussaint, `I will give her a 
home, or at least one that I cannot  
 
have no more, for to any person he is the father.

The woman was really in 
attempt to break his life up. When she saw what was going on 
between the emperor and her daughter,  
`Why do I go up, or I may break the  
mother?' she inquired.

Then she  
answered, `The way of evil does not go without 
an evil master.'

Boussaint went on 
to the same court as his father and Boussaint 
went on to be the last. He had  

not the slightest desire, and never the slightest desire  
 
But Boussaint took over the throne  
and became his father. His mother, 
`That is the story of all those men in Yotsum, 
and they live in peace, and there are only a few to-day    
'Where is my mother?'  
`Well you never see her,'  
`Not on the road.'  
`Well she does not belong there; her 
son is not going there. So all I   
`In a very wise way,' said Boussaint with rage  
 `that he should not come into my life.'  
'What did you want for that girl?'  
`She was very small, and was 
very soft with a little lump on her head.'
