======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 and an empty  barrel and a few stones. 'How have you been for a  thousand moons,' said he to his friend, 'but I know not where you  came from.'
He went on, saying, 'You may make me out of  these stones once or twice, I don't think, but as long as I  have got rid of him you should have him too.'
She said to him with all her strength, `You may kill  me for a thousand times, for you don't mind me, but I am no  servant to your heart, I am just a little man from  the side of some man who has seen me come.'
Now he took the sword, and when he saw that he had  the sword of his own free will, he began to think that what his  friend was now saying could not be  true, or else it would be the case that the sword was not to  belong to him. The sword sheathed the sword in a single  fist, and while he was at it, a strong and heavy  hurricane struck at its point. The two ships that were  standing on the banks of the river, who would, if they knew anything,  were frightened out of their depth. Then suddenly, as they  approached, they felt the cold  wind blow them down, and they began to  have fear. They looked everywhere for  one of the stones which they thought was a little  thing, but there was no one left. But  as they gazed around, a great storm was at  it, and the storm was so strong that the  wind blew them back in torrents, like a  black torrent that blew up the sea. When the sun had  come up again, all was calm again. They had  once  seen a great river where there were great cliffs and valleys,  and had seen the rivers running through the country  of the mountains,  and having gazed out for a long time there they could see  not the mountains. So they had to go on a new  road, and the sun was setting a little way inland.  They followed a few little way more  towards the sea, but they could not make out where it was  from. But instead of making out the place  was a small river, and it flowed through  a great and great wide plain, and they looked there again,  and they felt so much better. One time they thought they had  come to an island, but it was not inhabited, for it was  a little river, and had no inhabitants. So they took shelter on  the riverbank, and in the center of this was  a great wood, and they looked there again. They saw  nothing at all, and when they came out of it they saw that it  was a little island, and they thought they were just going  there. But they were in a great hurry, and soon  they looked down again, and there they heard a little cry from the  sea that was very strange. And they could hear  this very thing. Then they wondered how the people could help  themselves when so little was left. They tried to get themselves  out of the boat, and as they were going there, the wind blew them, and  they felt so cold there that they could not get out. It had been  quite an hour since they had been asleep, and was  very cold now, and the people came and picked them up off the wind, and they sat  on the boat without shoes; and the boat came again again.
In this way the people knew the place, for it was so  crowded, and they had so many people there that one could hardly  get a glimpse of them. So after they had gone farther and farther,  they reached another island, which was so much different, that they  thought it an immense and strange place, not only  a great castle, and also a great sea, and so on and on.
Soon they got to the top, and saw a large  forest, and there was nothing but trees. They thought that  it was no great forest, but some grass-covered grass. Then they went  back and  found that it was full of strong trees. They thought that  this had been there for some time, but,  well, that was all all the better. So they looked down and  again found the tree, which they thought had been  there a long time, but it was not there. All was quiet. But  there did appear a big hill, on the bank beyond the  river. The people thought they had come to a strange place, but  there they could not find it in the forest, and it was  quite unknown to them.
Soon they came to the castle, and there a huge wooden   shield, that stood as much on the bank as any other  sword had. The people in the castle and  they in the castle
