======== SAMPLE 1 ========
    moe me, I might take my time I am hungry, I think I have eaten a few. Come, my dear! come, tell me how I get     oø   où where I get     fresh meats from you!"
Well, I think that wasn't all, so I came and ate my best meal, I went with myself to the little house and     I ate, I went, I ate, I went; I was hungry,      and tired, and     I ate, I ate, I ate, I ate.    
Well, now the little man came over the place which he took from me, where there was     a   a   a                                      
Good God! what a good man there is!      the little man's wife     was not happy to see me, but      she said, "Well, now I will go and seek him."     Then he went out into the forest on his knees and     made a merry     singing that, in which the little man sang to himself.    
Well, then, the little man took a boat he had purchased. Now      the little man is in a boat.      Well, come into it, my little      man, my little boy, come into it," said he to the little     man, "I'm going!     I'm in a boat!      I was in a boat with the little boy.      I don't know which     boat he's in, but I like the little boy as much      as I do the little man, but it wasn't my boat.    
Well, now I see that the little man was having a merry time, and that the     little boy had been looking for the little boy.     Then the little man spoke to the little boy to come over, and to fetch the little     boy, and he would     fetch the little boy, and he would lift a big bag     over the little boy and carry the bag over into the little     boat.    Then the little man carried the bag and the little boy came over to the little     boy and said to him, "Who is it, little boy?"      And he said, "Your little     brother, what's the matter with you, son?"      And the little man said to him, "Your son, what's the matter with you?     I don't say any more, my little brother. I     am ready, my poor boy."    
Well, now that the little man saw me he went to the little boy and said,     "Who is it, Little boy, come up and fetch me; I'll go to fetch you     the little boy, you will be glad to bring him."     But thereupon he went on and came.     The little man, thinking that he had caught the little boy, went and     stole away, but the little boy took the bag and carried it over to the little     boy who came on his knees, and he carried the bag over     to the little boy.     "My boy, now I will carry a huge bag over the little     boy; I'll take the bag and the little boy's hand," said the little man     to him, "my little boy, now I'll take the luggage and the little boy     the baggage and bring you the bag and the bag, and you'll be proud to carry     a bag and a bag so many bags.     Here I am, your son!"     The Little Boy came on the little boy and went on,     fetching the luggage and looking for the little boy, and seeing him in such a     mood that he wanted nothing more than to do it,     he was frightened and anxious, and asked if he was ready to take     the bag, and said to him, "I'll take it, boy!"     In a moment he sprang up out of the water, and he looked 
