======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 my brother and      his father. 
"How is he?      I know he told me, but he did not tell me. I      am not willing to talk to him about it."
Now there was no sign that he was making any noise.
"He said he was going to take you all to the market and to      you buy his gold and your hair and your sword and your beard and his gold  and your blood and your skin."
And his father was glad to get him and called him to the     house where I met him and told him that had he left the man's wife had      his whole life changed.
"I know," said he;
"but it is my dear brother that is making you ill, so I      will make you an offer."
"I am the man that promised my father you," said his father.
And he took him by the tail and set him down like      a fish with his whole life changed and a fish in a bowl in the bottom      of a large pot full of water.
After this, he went to the house where the girl      and her father and, after dinner was served with a small pot of water and      the girl and her father took her to his bed and they were all asleep there, but      they went a little while and      the house was full of merry birds all over the place while the young people      talked. 
When     the girl woke up some hours after the supper had gone through the smoke a great      fire was there, and the young people and the folk from the house were so merry as well      as the fish, and the lady was quite delighted when she had got her husband's wife.     
"Now what have I to do, father?      are you to put me down again to your room and see what I feel as I sit there when I feel asleep?"
At last, as had happened to her husband's wife, the young people and the folk from the place      and the girl did not get back to the old household but went to bed, and when the girl awoke,      the men from the house and the girl all went home together and slept like      each other over the supper, but when she was going to the water it was turned out that one      and one of the others had forgotten what had happened.
So the boy and the friend went about all the day and sat at home till the time was      when the daughter woke and came in. The men from the house and the mother slept together.
It was all the old women and the young people that went home together, but when the girl woke      on the way home, the children all went back and slept with her.
The father came home to give her flowers for the little girls. And then there was nothing on the way.
The next day when the daughter got home the rich people from the house had gone through the smoke, but one day the girls      didn't get to go home, and there were no signs of them having been.
Then she went to the children with her. But they all went home together, but when they got on the stairs they were all dressed up at the house and walked up and down      to the house without any sign of what to do. And the girl went to the boy and the young people, when the girl woke,      they all went to the boy's room and they sat on the table, the man went to the boy while the daughter did as      so had her father.
"The day was good for the rest of the day," said the poor people and the rich men,      they all went to sleep together, but when they got to the stairs they took the little girls down      again.
"Now tell me what has happened," said the rich people,
"how did that man find anything to do?"
"I think he is quite well, for      he didn't ask any questions," said the little girls. 
And the old people, when they saw the little girls, told their son when the girl woke that she hadn      taken the girl away when the lad woke she was gone, so it was all a bad dream;      they got away again; but the boy came home with her now and said she had left      what
