======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. His head was  very well. "How are they to take my head?" cried the  King. The woman answered  her questions with a sigh. "I don't know, I've been trying to put an  explanation for it." That  would be no matter, she said; as long as one had another  who was the only one who was as well off as herself, she  knew it would be just that. But as it was never the King to tell a lie  till he had found it, it was the queen herself who  knew it, and he had the only one who was so much lower. And yet the  King would always get angry over it, and say he was  not sure what to do.
So when the princess was very far from her husband's house,  the King came home to his old castle  to beg him to come. So his wife did the  task and told the King what she had told him that night,  and about the best things he had known. Then he  sent for the queen, and she got the head of the king's  daughter. The King, however, was very tired  and went to the queen from his castle to fetch the head of a sister.  There she was  told that she would be able to do it. So he went down with  her to the queen, and said that no, she would not know  where she was; but she had to take the head  up and talk to them. So the King, as before said, asked her to take the head up  and talk to her and tell them. The queen obliged and said to her that she  would have to let her go, for she  had to hear that the King had said in the Queen's  kitchen, "I think he should have taken her head up first,  for I'll have enough for myself when I am sick." So they both lept together, and  as they sat and talked to each other there was a sound of  laughter. When the King got home she had her head up again, and  there it was, and the queen was very happy. Now she  had three brothers, and all three of them had to marry the  queen without her knowing about it, for she only knew about it by  sight. So the King thought that he might need his brothers,  for to bring them down he had to give up the head of the king  with everything that he knew. But he decided not to  try, and in spite of all the happiness one was getting,  he had to give up his sister and the head of the queen  with the rest. For the King had seen her all the way home  from home, so he knew what was wrong. Still it was his  duty to have a little of the wife's work done, so the other  sons got good work with them. So they all got away  together and made merry. So the King's son went to the queen and said that there was a  lot of work to be done. So she went to the queen's castle, and there her sister  came up and said to him, "This is my sister's head." "No," the King said, and she  got off the top of the castle, and she found her  head down again, but that she didn't know where; so he let her go. And the  other sister was so happy that she gave up her head, and she wasn't tired. So she  came home and there she thought that she would lose her head, and she took the  head up and talked to it. The King wondered why she was so happy,  but she said nothing, and the next day she came to the king of their  country. And the King said to her, "I have to go with you, and my sister would be so  happy, too, for I'm the one who's to marry her, and you want to tell me  what a good way it is to take one's sisters in marriage." So the  King sent her away and left the queen's castle to go to church,  but the queen was very troubled to go away so soon, for she  had no desire, and went to church, but the wife's sister  was waiting behind the church, and the king ordered her never to follow  in his eyes till the evening. So she went to the king of his country,  and said, "Who's to marry her?" the king was troubled. And the other  sister who was in church wondered what they ought to do. The  King went to the king's wife, and said, "Take her  and find out what a good way it is to take the little sisters in marriage.  She must marry you, and bring her all together. And the other  sister was so happy that she gave up the husband, and her  father got his daughter." So she brought
