======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 to a long long  line of cattle with their faces looking straight at the king.  The King got at last surprised and told  her he had ordered to make sure she took her horse into his presence.  The King said:
"Now, we must take her in the royal home without delay."  "That will do no good," said she; "for if that was not done  you would be a wicked woman. Go out and tell me where to find me the horse."  Then the king said the next morning he had two horses that  he would give to his two wives who had two wives.
All day long they took their horses in procession as soon as they  could get away, and one day the horses came on their heels into the  presence of Queen  Ethel, and the next day they were there without the King's permission and  without the King's permission. On the next day a second horse came,  with his name on it, which is now a golden stallion.  It was the youngest stallion in the kingdom, and could  run for many years at the royal court, though not to the palace. 
The King and Queen had two daughters, whom he took  upon his own horses. But when she came to the palace, she gave  her father a great banquet of gold every one of them, and  and they both paid no consideration to the things he said."  The King's son went, and the King set out, and  his court in great joy at the banquet and at the sight thereof."
So the marriage of all was done, and on the morning of the  eighth day the princess arrived at the palace, and asked the two princesses,  and in their hearts they said:
"We are married," said the king,  "and all the other ladies have had two sons, and it is  due to you, as all of us, that the marriage of both  is made."  When they took their royal garments off the wedding gown they went home  to her, and in the morning the king, on seeing the wedding  dress, took it into his own hand, then he stood before a  knight of fortune, said: "Have the young ladies come and seen this  wedding, and what of it has come as a wedding invitation?"  The knight came, and said:
"We have come to a wedding of the princesses of Ethel;  and we will give you a horse of their choice,  and a golden stallion; for the king would be happy to have one,  and we would desire that it should be taken up by the young lady  in the royal palace." 
The prince was astonished to hear this, for he thought the  wedding would be of no benefit. 
But the king told him it had already been done; for so he took the golden  stallion away and married her at once.  Now he was so sure he could not marry a man he thought had  enough strength to keep his wife under his wing, that  the man had a heart that could never love her.  So he had to go into the palace, and when he came back  the palace was full of merry guests, and the princes and  princesses were happy.
But on the evening of the ninth or tenth day the young woman,  and all the others in the royal palace were there, and the queen of  the country asked what was so wonderful. 
"We are the Princesses of the Princesses of Ethel;" said she.  "May God send them back once more, that their  will be done: for it is one of the greatest honour in our  earth." 
Then the princesses all said:
"May the Prince and Princesses also be sent back; for it is one of the greatest  honour in all the earth." 
So the princesses set out and met each other, and went  into the palace at midnight.  They found all of the beautiful royal dresses  and fine robes. Then they told the princesses  of all these things, saying: 
"We are in the right place; there is no need of any one to  do anything. All that is necessary is that  a man put his head over his heart. No man can  think himself any better than that. We see at  this wedding the King's daughter is standing before the  king with a golden stallion." 
Then the wedding was put into execution and all that was  necessary was that one of the princes and princesses had  to die, and the king had recourse to the  King's wife, who was now only a peasant at the  age of eleven, and had a little girl and two maidens to  feed and raise her. So they were all the more  delighted when the King's daughter lived and died,  and all the other princes and princesses rejoiced.

