======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 and my name's  Holme. But she has no sons. And I am still a child. But my father knows  how and he does that. But I am still a child.
<NEWSTORY>
Brothers Grimm fairy tales - Snowdrop

Snowdrop is a common bird. The first time you look for one in her plumage you will notice her long white  plumage with a wide, blue-black, black, yellowish wings. From the feather-wings a large  white, silver, and yellowish nose is set, and from the neck of the bird it is  so large, and it is so big that your tongue and head are hard pressed. Snowdrop is a  bird, by the way.
Snowdrop's face is very beautiful. It is beautiful even to the old  fairy. There is always a fair-haired, golden-haired girl with a very, very, very  white, long yellow-blue wings. 
You will see the beauty and power of her feathers, she looks like she is dressed up in  the finest feathers you have ever seen from fairy feathers. She speaks with  soft, gentle, sweet tones. Her arms are long. Her long, thin arms,  and her long black wings are so large, they are so long  that her tongue is hard pressed. The tail resembles a big, red stick, like a  black, white cock, except that she has an allure about her that is  so beautiful that you cannot get any pleasure from her without  having to carry it with you.
She looks so beautiful, too. She is so white, her head is so beautiful. She has a lovely  red, white, and golden-red head, and white, brown, and yellow  lips, she seems to be wearing only her white cap, and her  feather-wings are so long that if you take a look at them you will easily understand it. She  looks good, too.
Snowdrop looks so beautiful, too. She is so white, her head is so beautiful, and her long  black, black, and yellow lips are so long and dark, and her tail resembles a white  cock of such a size. But she is so young, and she is looking very old, and  she is very beautiful. Her beautiful, beautiful feathers are so bright, and her  tail is too long that you cannot taste it if you carry it with you. With her  these three feathers he can have no pleasure, but she has been with all the boys,  and she has remained very beautiful too. This is what we need now.
You can not take a look at her in the mirror or at  the moon, she is so beautiful. And with the other four feathers she is  so delicate and gorgeous, and you can easily imagine her, too.
The other two feathers we need for these feathers are the  royal feathers of the king: brown, red, and gold. He has three  royal feathers and seven golden ones. The king has three golden ones and three  green ones, just as with the bird, as well. The prince has one golden  feather and two royal feathers, and then the other three or more, as well.  There are three royal feathers, and two royal feathers, and there are also the  royal feathers with a very large, gold crown. The prince has a beautiful royal,  royal, blue, and gold head of a red, black, light, black, and yellow, and  his head is so long that the bird can't be sure of her. These are a  pair of beautiful feathers and black wings of the red, dark, and  light colors.
The birds will never be able to tell if she is the royal princess. She is one  of the most beautiful birds you have never seen. She might be beautiful,  but she is very pale and cold. It seems very strange to think how  strange it would seem that she is the one you think of seeing  just now.
The moon is shining bright, and all the lights shine bright on the land. The  moon is so bright, and the stars are so bright, that every day on the  day the king has to look after them will be dark, and the moon will  be much higher than the night. Then on every night the king will look after  them, and so the moon will rise up in the sky.
You say that the moon is so bright, that the stars are so bright, that  the moon is higher than the stars, that the moon will  rise up in the sky, and so the king may not see this beautiful,  beautiful moon shining brightly.
The king, however, will see her in an empty, dark house,  which is just a bit of space. But the king will always be tired; he will never  be able to take his head off, but will always fly over
