======== SAMPLE 1 ========
idate, and that he had a son for whom he was going to sacrifice to some other God; and the God said to him, "My husband, let us go with you, to the forest-land. This is where I am going to go to get my children."
"My beloved," said the old man, "we can go with you; but you have nothing to do."
"Yes, my beloved," said the old man, "and I will go with you. But I will tell you that you are going to the forest-land to pay the fine that you are going to pay. And if you do that you will be sent home, and your children will be all drowned."
The old man was glad at seeing the old, and he said, "I will tell you the fine fine and go to the forest-land with me." So they went to the forest-land. Then the old man entered the town. He had no desire to go in to the forest-land alone; but he wanted to be in the same position in a year's time. So he went to the old man, and said, "I will go to the forest-land, and if that happens, I will go with you. But if it's not very well, tell me so; and if it is well, I will go with you to see if I can get your father's gold. And if you are quite wrong with me, say what I am going to do." So they went to the old man, and said, "Here is the fine fine and go to the forest-land with me." So they went to the forest-land after that again again, and when they came back again of their own accord the old man asked him what he should do.
"You want to go with me, say what I am going to do," said the old man, "and if you are so wrong as to have anything to do with me, tell me what I am going to do."
The old man had an idea that was very great, and he would put a stone there as far as they could, for he had a horse there, and the old man told him to get a stone and run off. The old man said, "No, no; my horse was just so clever and so sharp, I have no idea what it is I need to do" And he went to the woods, and the old man called him to see if he could see the horse; and he found his horse in the forest-land, and the old man told him to go out in the forest, and that he must go in and buy an old man's gold.
So he went back into the country again, and when he got back the old man asked him his opinion of the horse, and he said, "I suppose that I must have some bad luck with him, because it is true that when he is riding I have only six teeth. I can tell you that when he is riding I get one more, but if I'm lucky, I will find a friend who has something to do with his horse" So they went back again, and they went to a certain village, and there was a man in a kumbaya, who was very proud of him; and he said, "What a wonderful woman I am! I am so lucky!" The father of the kumbaya said to him, "So be glad, my beloved! I will go to the forest-land, and if so, I will go with you to that place where the gods, the earth, and the seas reign. But if those who have nothing else to do but run up and down, then have any kind of luck with me, and get a nice little horse I can give you."
So the old man ran away. And once more when he was at               he said to him, "I have the best horse of my age, and I'll go with you, to that place there where the gods, the earth, and the seas reign, and  go back home in the best of my strength, and in the best of my wits. I'll go back with you to it, and if it's nothing, tell me."
The               was a little while till two or three o'clock in the morning, when he came again and said, "Well, my beloved, you will have to go home to the forest-land, and if that is not well, and if the weather is very bad, I must go with you to the forest-land and buy a little horse." So he went out in the forest-land, and the old man saw it very well, and the old man said, "Very well. Go away with your father now; if you are not at home, I would go with you home to the forest
