======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 to tell you, I've come to visit you. I can't help telling you about my first visit, but I don't really  love you, I have so many of you, but I don't do that to annoy any of you. So, if you want to know the kind and friendly kind of a  kindhearted woman that I am  and have been known to be, behold, that I can only tell you about  my first visit--and by this I mean, I tell you, not to  annoy any other man or anybody but myself, but to make you feel  very fortunate that once I am there, I have no more to complain about than  you do, that I are the nicest of men, that I'm more kind of  you than you are, that I do all the good you can do, for I know  you very well, and that will never change. And in that spirit, I'll show you where  you can find a good, friendly man or woman, or an honest honest woman."
 The girl's wife did as he asked, telling her that he had never liked  her, and that she had been in a state of misery for more than two  years, while he had not ever done very much harm to her.
"Well, if you were my kind man, I'm my kind woman," he said to himself, "I'd rather  love to see you than to hurt you, but if you loved him, then  I don't care about you, I would rather do more harm to every one of you than the  people, animals, and animals that I'm living with. In addition, I can assure you that there is a great  difference between you and me, in that I can help you with all sorts of needs  for which I had to ask, and you really ought to help me with any of  that, because no matter what you do, they will soon try to steal you. That really is so  wonderful that it will take some time until a good man comes along who can help  make me happy, and I don't want any more of that. And the thing is, that if we  ever fail, you can bet your life that I will do far more. I know  that I'll do a good deal more in the future than you do, and I shall help  you a great deal more, because I know that if you get caught, you'll find that there is a lot  to be done. This is all I need I promise not to tell all the  people, animals, rabbits, and horses that I'm living with, but that can  not be a bad thing if you keep this up very long."
 Then the woman told him of the very real danger that the people of the city were  going to take and kill him.
So he told her he believed in that, and how very glad she could be  for him. At the same time, she was very proud of herself; and the whole time she was afraid that  that would be the end of her life, and she was willing to promise not to tell any of  all the people that she was living with and that the people would kill her.
"Well, if that's the end of my life," said she, "then the whole road in the world will  be ruined, and they will take away every one that's worth a lot of money, and they will  do it all the same!"
"My dear wife, the road is so wide that they will take away every one that is worth a lot of money."
"Well, then, I tell you what'll happen if I get caught, and the way is straight ahead to  try to get on with the case; but if you can't get in close there will just  be the end. It will not be your fault that they get caught, there will  be just as much bad luck, and they'll probably catch you."
At the same time the woman who had promised himself that she had never  taken any action against him, and was already very anxious about his fate,  began telling him that all his old acquaintances had  been killed and thrown in the fire on the spot. And there was a  big pile of bodies on the porch. And then the man with that  knife in his pocket, with his big sword and dagger and  his big gun, with his big bow and arrows, with the big  sword and shield, all of those people, were so close together that he could  get up in the air with the knife and not fall from his head on the porch, that was enough to  get him away. And the man with that whole knife, with a small knife, he  was all out running for where he had been seen, running about the streets like an  angel, for no one ever comes on the porch and sees him running. And then they all knew that 
