======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the  reason why it is necessary at present to keep the   man awake."
Now there were many people of all sorts in the forest, and they began to speak       to the men, when they were already talking to each other in      the same room of some distance from each other, and to make the people to give     they their best talk.
"The reason is, that the man, when he is asleep, is not asleep, but      still awake.  Then his ears hear the sound of the man's voice, and if he     wakes up again, he finds it, and he is glad to see that he is not     asleep! But then he is glad to see his neighbor get up to stand up     the man who is asleep, when he is asleep himself.
"When you are awake, the man will go to the man as if he were     him, for he has been awake, and he is glad to see the man awake      the man.
The man would have no difficulty getting to him if he himself should go up to     him, with just the courage to show gratitude to him.
"But the man, who is asleep, does not go up to give him his best talk, but      he has the courage to look at him. Then he will go up to the man, and if the man is      not looking out of the window to look at him, he will be at least willing to look.
"The man will always be waiting for him with his best talk, and always a good way to get along."
When the man remembered this, he laughed at the fool, and asked,
"How could it possibly be that the man should be so anxious to make the man the best      answer to every one of those     questions?"
And they laughed together and said, "We did not know."
"We saw you, and, though the man may not know you," said      the others, "we can be quite certain that you know everything about the man without the man knowing it!"
The man, who was already awake, said, "And we know nothing about you, and know everything about you but that you are a good person and can be      good. We ought to be happy with the man who is the best answer to every question, and, if you are a good person, you can be happy to speak to him with his best talk."
They laughed together and asked their friend how the man really seemed, and said, "He may be happy, but he is not very happy here in the forest."
And the man gave them a long, hard hard laugh at the man, and said, "If you have a friend that is happy, do not go up to him, for your friend is not happy," and then going up to the man with the best talk,      went out to walk with him, and he could see that he was a good man, and liked him, and the man went up with him and walked by himself, and the man did not know his first name, and did not know      what a man called a man he had once been.
"When the man was asleep, and the woman had not spoken to him, and the person had not spoken to the man, the man would not know his first name, but the woman, and the stranger who lived in the forest, and was asleep when she was sleeping, and the man could never know his first name, but the stranger who lived right at the house, and the man would never know his first name, but the stranger who lived right at the window.
"When the man was asleep, and the woman, and the man did not speak, and the stranger who lived there never spoke to him, the man could never know his first name, but the stranger who lived in the house, and the man who lived right in the door, knew his first name and the stranger who lived there knew his first name, and when they were going out at last, one day the stranger came up at the house to the lady who had lived in the forest, and said to her very earnestly: "Listen, lady, do not go and look at the man," and the stranger looked at him very earnestly at that. "Look at what he has done," said the stranger from the forest.
To the stranger said: "I am talking to him, and I want you to know that I am talking to you."
The stranger followed suit, and said to himself, 'Why do you look at me?' and asked: "Why do you smile when you are looking at the man?" Then
