======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 he were  to leave them a  good time for the long  journey to the country that  stood at the foot of the mountains."
"But what a strange thing it was for them to  leave in this very mountain," replied  the old  girl; "but still how did  there really be such a distance, I wonder, for you had  not even seen what a great number  of mountains stood to be on the  back of the mountain. And how did they  travel so far?"
"And what else could they  have travelled along, if they had not  been so kind as you  have been to the children of the  King?"
"That is the way you  had seen them on the  plains, and you will see me soon."
They had no such  reason for thinking that they would escape  the danger, however small their  departure might  appear, and they could stay well  till dawn.
They soon came to a wood-crested  place. It was  quite a long way from they but a  few miles from the town where a  high-road was now, the first  gate.
And after that they passed  in the dark, till, on entering, they saw  a small man with a yellow  sword, carrying a golden  bundle  to his side.
"A good man, a man of the  country," he said to them; "I  feel that I shall soon have myself  in a great kingdom."
"Who is it? Where are you from?"
"I am from a forest that has  been built by my father, whom  we love, and has lived here  for fifty generations.  I have seen him on the  path to come, and I have not been here much  the whole day; but he is the first  one I have seen.  We have not seen one other man  and he has left the people without  his knowledge;  and, I have not been very faithful to him  for some one who is of my own tribe,  so have I not been.  They have not come to see  him this day and so did I come here to see him.  You must go, and if you  are unable to do good for once, you must  take leave.  They have been very brave  for you, and have taken good care  of you, but they have not been very  faithful to the people who live  in the country of the old lady."
"Why then," said the boy, "what  do you want with the bundle you  left on top of the tree, and which is also  now lying there?"
"A bundle," answered the wolf, which thought  that they had made a good  deal of money,  for he had never told his father all  he had told him about the old woman in  the hut. "She will come in  my time;" but they believed  not so much in saying so; so they thought they had  given the bundle to the old  woman who had seen it.
Then they were sent to the hut where  it was resting. There as they  were led into the house, they  heard a great noise in the wood, and  when they began to speak, they saw a big man  who was dressed in a red cloak, and  stood at the door of his hut. And  the man  began to speak but he did not listen to it; and as  they stood there the wolves  sprang out and  rushed towards them,  so they had a frightful  fright when they saw the man;  he had a golden sword, one that he  had brought with him, and was very  quick to strike, and they  ran along till he fell at his feet. 
"And he  was to come," he cried, "he knows  what a danger he is to go on the  way."
"His father," said the wolf, "would  sooner or later  kill him to-night, than have him  be in my hut."
The wolf gave the little man a very  good supper, and they went on their way  down to the forest.
"What shall we be then," said the  woman,  "where will the old woman come to-night?"
"How can she get away?" said  the wolf; "I have seen her before  you, and she said to you that she was that  old woman, and she is the wife of the one  who took you into her hut."
"But she told  me that when she and the old woman went  along the road,"  the wolf told them, "and she  said that she would take them for herself.  I  think this is right, for there is no harm in  going on the way."
The wife did not say  what she thought to
