======== SAMPLE 1 ========
Good. This's why my head's always up, no? I'm a bad girl."
"Ah, yes, you are a bad girl," answered the child.
"Then I'm a good girl," answered the mother, "I don't get what you say!" and she called her in despair; but she, too, was silent and not a happy one.
When the daughter was gone, the mother went to the father with a long-broken ring of gold on her hand, and begged him to take all the jewels she had found.
"Where are these jewels?" asked she. The child thought to herself, "What if it were not the most valuable?"
Then the mother seized the jewels, took them from her, and brought them up to him.
"Then why are your heads always up?" asked the child.
"Ah, yes, he's one bit too big," answered the mother.
Once the child was seized upon the necklace which her father had taken, and she fell before him, weeping and trembling, and crying out in joy that she could not bear the thought of having all the jewels of which she was wont to, but the jewelled heads of other girls, and the golden rings and scarabs of other girls.
"Oh, yes, I'm quite right," answered the mother, "but what I want is to have more!"
The child cried aloud that she could not bear the thought of having them again, and told the father that she was not happy.
After they had satisfied themselves that there must be something they could have, the mother sat down and cried, "What are you going for? Why don't you get the jewels of my head."
So the father told his daughter what was needed, and the child cried as she had wanted, and begged him to grant her the heart of the jewel, and set that in her hands.
When the father saw fit to grant this offer, the mother said, "But you can't bring a whole set of jewels, when the jewels are all the same." So she said, "I can get them for you, for I have some of the best jewels I've ever seen."
At this the father, holding the bridal jewels out of his hands, was so happy that he would have none of them in his head at all, if he had the other ones, and said, "I'll have none for you, but I will be happy till you give me something to make me happy."
But when the father saw the little glittering glitterstone in the bridal jewels he fell in love with the jewels all over again, and begged him not to punish them, and to take all the others from the bridal jewels.
So then the mother returned to her husband, and told him to take all of these jewels, and to take, so far as he could, everything from them, so that nothing could hinder the child with them.
When the child was asleep the father told she that the necklace of jewelled girls was so fine, the mother was greatly pleased with it, and told her and the mother that he could give her that necklace of jewels, and she herself was pleased with it.
And so the wife, who was not in love with the necklace of jewelled girls, made haste and found the jewel, and made the little glittering glitterstone with it in her head's hands, and put it in her bedside, and she could not bear to think about it in the worst.
When the little woman had taken this out of the house, and looked it in one corner, she said:
"Give the necklace that you will take this little glittering glitterstone away."
So the mother came, and took out every part she could with it, and carried her on over her face to keep her peace.
But when the little woman began to cry, and said that she had got the necklace and the glittering glitterstone, the mother knew not what had happened, and said:
"Oh, my child, dear little child, and all the jewels have been taken away from me;" and thus the mother was not in time to forgive her; but just to tell you that she was very unhappy and unhappy in her tears, and had not cried very, but in the least, had cried.
Now the mother's husband, who had been so merry, was not so pleased with his mother's actions, and called her, and said, "Don't leave the little glittering glitterstone in my bedside, for if I see it you are not going anywhere."
But the little glittering glitterstone, for the most part, had been put into the old house, and kept there so that no one could find for it there, and it had not been found by any one and had disappeared into the sea.
Next the wife was taken to see the new jewel, and the little glittering glitterstone, which was not a part
