======== SAMPLE 1 ========
anÆs daughter, or a dog,Æ
"Come, take the cat. It will be as good as the cat. She will eat and drink the cat."Æ
"Yes," replied the cat, "and if you take the cat, she will have little children, but for nothing but food it will be nothing to her; she doesnÆt have a head nor a tail, so she has to be clever, but she has nothing else but a little cat. And she has nothing to eat, so her children eat it up."
"Then what does she get from it?" said the cat.
"IÆm going to feed the baby," said the cat. "Just feed it to the parson and then it will be so much better."
Now the parson was a great cat. He had a dog named J. J.—the very name of a cat. J. J. is a great kitty, and it is only now that the kitty has gone for the sake of J.–the dog was going for his own mother.
"J," said the cat, "who can manage a dog in such a bad way as this? HeÆs been going around all day, and itÆs only just about the hourÆs journey to return home. His kitty is running around, running out of windows on the roof of his  yard. ItÆs all he has left."
"We donÆt use kitties just yet," said the cat. He had, to the utmost his pride, been a catÆs child to so many days,ùhe couldnÆt have been a catÆs child to so many days. "But IÆd be a catÆty soon, and one day IÆm going to get my coat."
It is a very old cat. That is to say, it must have been the greatest creature a child can ever beÆtÆt have beenÆt a christening. And the parson has a great, terrible, awful big cat, called J. J., and as a child this was the same cat.
The dog said, "SoÆs that, J., who can manage a dog?"
They were a very poor little kitty for he must have a dogÆnÆs cat for his little cat. Heùs a good kitty and it is all he has, but J., whoÆs to do this thing, must have a catÆnÆs cat for himself.
The motherÆs dogÆs cat was a little cat, and the fatherÆs dog was a little cat. So the father's little cat, J. J. is not a cat.
But the motherÆs cat has come into our yard. J. J. has gone, and he has come to sit on the top of the porch, which is a little cat and its little cat. J. J.ù
"So a lot of them. ThatÆs it."
"A lot more," said the mother. So the fatherÆs cat has come into our yard. IÆm doing him a favor by telling him about us. You can go to the house and tell the neighbors about us.
"Now it is a lot more, J. J., and IÆll be sure to tell you that we can manage dogs that way," said the father. "Now, J. J.ù You can go up and help us, so tell the rest before we go back to you. You would be so wonderful to us."
Then they are a little more, J. J.
And the fatherÆs dog's cat is a good little cat, and the motherÆs dog is a little cat. So the motherÆs cat has come into our yard. J.—ù
"Now, J., who can manage dogs that way?" said the father. "ItÆs a lot more, J. J., and IÆll be sure to tell you that we can manage dogs that way.
"Now, J., who can manage dogs that way?" said the fatherÆs cat. "It's a lot more, J.—ù
"Well, J," said the cat. "itÆs quite a fine cat-fish, you know, but I donÆt know about our little ones."
Then the mother came in, she was so lovely as we were. It is such a pretty little cat, J. J. to be quite happy, and this old woman, for all we care to do, is quite so nice.
"Good, very beautiful!" said the cat. "Good, very beautiful!"
Well, J. J. may go
