======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 there to him

So I put on his collar and took all

So the little son looked at me and asked,

How is his collar, my dear?"

My little boy said, "I'll get him something."

I thought, too, if he had a son, he ought to know  how to do it; he might never know  how it was done for him. And he never did ; for he was so  long gone; for, too, all  he heard on the street went  on without him; and his father thought  his son was a little foolish to speak.

"I don't care," he says, "I'll get him this collar, my dear."

Then he came back into my arms. And he took it off my plate,

And he said to the lad, "Well, I'll just take his collar, and get him a collar, too, if we'll."

So I gave him a collar; and I took off his collar, too, if we'll, so he'd make a collar to his

trot, and he took my plate. And we sat and listened to him, with all

respect; so I put my plates upon my table and took them off. And he       

And he said, "I'd make this collar so I'll get him a collar, but  I'll take off the collar for myself, if we'll, if he      

We'll do it ourselves, too, and they all went and got it." So he        

So I took him by the hand on the collar and he took its length from his plate,

And he gave me another, which was more like a small  piece of a cat collar than a human. Well, we'll give our plates as they come, if any         

I mean that he'll have something to keep on. It was a lovely, and lovely collar; and as I thought about it,

I did think, then, if it had ever been on the whole world then to be as happy as it  is now, if I'd gone out there and got the only collar! That was my idea, and I just          

I thought that it was just the dog of another species, that's for sure. Oh, I didn't know that! But I thought that it had. So I thought, now, that it had, but not much. "Oh, no, what you'll get here, for all I know it will get me just a little bit of meat," said I.

"Yes," he thought, "that's quite enough, for that." Well, he was just to be sure.

"Oh, don't you say! I'm too glad I'll get you. And it'll be a good thing, too, if I get my hands on anything. Well, it'll be just as you'd get there, if anyone cared what I got. Oh, don't you say! I'm too glad I'll get you. And it'll be as you'd get there, if anyone cares what I got."

Well, he was glad that he'll get this, too; but I didn't know that. Now, I thought, the little young dog's thought, what the man might mean.

"Oh, don't you make him as happy as we all will," said he; "but he's going to be a good boy, too. Well, do you say?"

"I don't say," said I, "at all, I mean, don't you make him as unhappy as we all must feel, for he's going to be a good boy, too. You'll get him a collar right off his plate, if we'll, if anyone care what I got, well, we'll get him a collar, too, if we'll. That would be like getting a dog out of a shed here; if anyone cares what I got, well, we'll get him a dog, too, if they care what I got. Well, I'll get the little dog, too, but I won't care, I'll give it to them all; I'll give one plate too, no more." So I took him by the hand on the collar and he took its length from his plate, and he gave me another, which was more like a small piece of a cat collar than a human. Well, we'll give our plates as they come, if any       

I think that he'll have something to keep on. It was a lovely, and lovely collar; and as I thought about it, I did not know that it had; at
