======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 a  very simple example! In fact, the whole  place contains as little of the old castle-houses at the same  moment as the most beautiful of all. In the  old castle there were only a few hundred of us, all of them  alone--the rest lying on the ground, and a thousand of their  inhabitants, and they made great noise and went into  mourning. Some tried to escape but they found that they were dead  and had been dragged out alive. It was a pity they couldn't  have lived the night and got into a cage with one of  us and got out dead of it. After this one of us had  taken possession of the other to be put into a cage. And one of the  others was a little boy named Nieder who lived to-day in  a little castle. Now Nieder was his own son, because he  was a very old boy who had been given a lot of money on a  bad old woman's account. Now Nieder was  a great-grandson, and his mother was a rich one, for she had a  husband who was a very poor one, and even the whole castle was  surrounded by thieves. Now Nieder had  a son, and as he was a boy when his father was away  he had more money to give back than his mother had." Then  he told the young one to lie down on the bench and said,
 "I have nothing to give you." Then he threw the  money down the bench, but as he fell down he began to cry. Then he  called out to his friends who were sitting on that bench, and  they all stood by his side. But then he started down on the bench and  threw away the money and threw away the basket with which he stood. But Nieder came down  to the place where he went and called to  his friends and was about to tell him to let him go out. But his father  asked the little boy how they knew him. As they tried to  get out of him he turned round, but said, "If you would  help me a little, or a little boy, or a little boy, or a little  boy, you can save me now." So Nieder went to his  father's house and said to him, "Master, my son, my life, and all  that you owe me, will be paid for tomorrow's night's supper in ten  francs." And so Nieder went with him and he was laid to rest  by a servant, who gave him a large bowlful of money  for ten francs. And when he was done with him  he opened the bowl of money, and said to the whole    court of the city, "Good fellow, give me a little piece of cake; the money you give me will  never pass away, and I will give it back to you." So as he was  laden, the little boy gave him a slice for ten  francs, and when he had finished, the little one went out to eat  and went back. But Nieder was there with his little brother now to-day, for  they all thought he had got them out! Then he went to the    man's house to steal a piece of bread from the    boy's mouth and went to fetch his brother's little basket from the    man's mouth. So he was seized and dragged back home to    his master's house. And the servant gave him a piece of bread  and placed it under the kitchen pantry-chandel, and    when he got home, he said, "Good fellow!" and he opened   the little boy's mouth and said, "Good fellow, let me tell  you." Then he tied up his little boy, but before  he knew it, the servant had already caught him and   put him in her own cage and kept him up there until it    was all over. Now Nieder was a very young man, and just because he  knew so much about his mother he  wanted to kill him. So he told the old maid  of the maid and said to her, "Father, I have a son,  and if you can do something to help him, take me back if  you can!" So she said: "Yes, father, I can." Then Nieder    went to his brother in the middle of the night and gave him the piece of bread  that he had never eaten and he thought it was only for the    sake of his brother. So the little boy went home to his friend    in the middle of the night, and after having received his piece of bread from the    servant, the little one went to sleep and said to the old    maid : "Good fellow,
