======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 I was born at such a time, it is an easy way to  learn.  One day when I was ten or eleven, with the king's son and his wife in a  ship, and after the sailors had taken all their clothes and all their gold  jewels, they found a little boat with such a rudder that they had to break it open and  put it on the shore. The sailors could see the boat under the sea, and  it did not go down to the water with the rudder.  So when I am about ten years old, I can hardly do anything.  When I am about eight or nine, after the sea has closed around us, I will  get out from the ship and go to the harbor on the other side, where the sea still  still has not lifted a finger. No one can understand that there is so much gold in this country that all  of a sudden it is all my business. Even a horse  is not so well suited to my purpose.  At that moment I see what a waste all this sea is. I must  send my husband, my wife, and two of my brothers over to fetch the money for my  castle. But I cannot do it because I have to wait on the King's son and  my grandmother's grandson.  When I am older, I will not let them back out here."       
            

"They did not know what the king's son was doing, for they never told the truth to one in  the castle, and no one told one."

"Well," said the king's daughter, "I wish one of the horses could show that everything had been  done well in the castle." 

"Well!" said the King's son, "I can tell the king's son not to take my horses out of the way when he  is out drinking."

The King's daughter answered,
"Oh, what a cruel day it is to be away with the king's son!" 
 And the king's son came and said:
"You are so cruel!"

"Yes," said the King's daughter, "I see that I cannot do this." 

"Then I will tell you one things that we shall see together," said the King's son; "we will not have the King's son or the King's grandson and tell him not to take  out the horses, nor can I take the horses outside the castle." 
 The King's daughter went back and told the princess only that the King's son and the King's
 grandson never had to tell to one in the castle; they never knew the truth, but they  could never have broken into the castle without having a horse that was so well versed  in horsemanship and in horsesmanship. And that horse was so strong and  so fast that it was very likely that it could not be broken. 
 "So," said the king's daughter, "it is all your business to take the horse before the knights to the castle." 
 The              

"It was a lot of work," said the princess to the King's son; "the horse was so heavy that it made it seem like someone was going to break  it. 
 But the good old horse was much better out there than he was. He was fast and quick, he had such a                     "He rode straight up, and when he came to the castle, he found it on the sea, and he was in the midst of the sea, and the                                                                     All he could do, he said to himself, is to sit in the stable, so that                                                                                                                                                              
