======== SAMPLE 1 ========
il he came down in the middle of the forest and, as he was about to run in, all that was in his sight disappeared, leaving only a single white     shadow on the tree stump. Then the     shadow came back into the forest and, the next morning, with     a  frost to the sky, he vanished again into the     shadow.
Now as to the other two, the first came into the forest, looking for the     shadow before he could get off his pursuer. When the     shadow was only three hours away, he asked if he had any     other pursuers who might look for him. "I would never forget them," he said. "Do you     know them?" He did, however, soon and when they were no longer in     the forest he disappeared in the midst of the forest, where there he continued to     graze till he reached the middle of the forest.
After the great fire,     the rest of his body made their way back to the house in whose     the tree stump was.
The little boy, however, did not remember the great     fire and left the house. He went to the hut, where his parents     had been buried, and with them he went home and found     the little boy's parents still alive. He could not remember any of his     parents, just as he could not remember his mother, his grandmother, the     great-grandmother, whom he never spoke with in person.
"I must     take care that there are no dead people on the way, so that we may know where     the little boy's father was," was the last he heard from the old man     who lived in the village. When the poor old man spoke to him, he     did so without looking up.
The boy himself had disappeared the next day,     on the second night of his journey. The next morning, and the following day a day and a     longer way up the mountain pass, the boy was unable to return home to the hut.     He then went back, but did not know his father, just as he     had never heard his mother, whom he never spoke with     in the village. He had already gone home when his parents were nomore, but     after he had disappeared the next day     it became strange.
The old man, who had taken the long way from their     dwelling, soon returned with four young fellows, who were about     three in number and appeared to him as their father, the little      boy, his mother and the great-grandmother.      Soon, they became a very high order of warriors in the villages,     who could not be dismounted by the hunters that remained.     On discovering the young fellows, the boy, who was now about to escape,     went to the hut and began to gather a bunch of men. He brought them with him to the      hut which     the hut was in. The old man asked, "Who were these men?"      "The great-grandmother," said the great-uncle, "I will try to get the good-grandmother      back to the village," and asked him when he had found their parents and whether he     had a new husband.
"Yes, and I suppose he has returned to     the village," replied the great-uncle. "My son's wife has been     told to come out of the forest, and all that I had to do is     to find her and find her son."
The great-uncle, who, however, was afraid to come out,      said:
"That is too easy, if you do not make her see     her son. He is so big that he can not reach the     forest alone."
Then the old man went down to the forest, and when he got close to his father, he      heard a heavy noise and suddenly he was afraid, and after he     got up and walked in, he saw the old man and tried to make it out. "Come"      he said. "The little boy has not left the forest this night for     the sake of having a good time. I can hear it."      The old man and the great-uncle went
