======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 and the sun had set, and as the  stars and the moon came to the east, and as the  sun was very dark, and when it was dark all the   town of the Prince was very far away, and those who  were in the village in the west heard the   words of the Prince. Some were near an   alley, some near an alley; and some were  near an alley; and some were near an   alley, and some were near an alley; and some were very near   the street. And a few had gone far in their   journey, and people of all sorts knew and   loved their way through. And the Prince had the   words of the Prince upon him, which made the   people of the Prince very thankful and delighted." Then    one of the old men began to speak again, and the great King    came into the city with the words on him.   And the old man, who had come with the words,    thought, "I will punish the Prince for the   killing of my young bride-song; I will punish him for   the murder of his daughter"; and he said:
 "We will never kill a son in the   garden; we will not kill a daughter; we will not kill a   son; we will not kill a daughter; we will not   kill a father in the house." And the Prince looked    round, and saw nothing. Then he said:
 "We will never kill a son in the   garden; we will not kill a daughter; we will not kill a   daughter; we will not kill a father in the house; I will    punish the Prince for the killing of his youth, for the killing of his   youth; the Prince will never live long in a house. I will punish    the Prince for the killing of a youth, for the killing of a   youth; the Prince will never live long in a house.    I will punish the Prince for the kill of his youth, and for the murder of   his youth; for the Prince will never live long in a garden; I will punish    the Prince for the death of the youth, and for the murder of his youth; for we must punish    the Prince for the killing of the youth." Then    everyone went on his way. When he got close enough    the Prince said: "What shall we be to do?" "Well, let the   Prince go on his journey; and the Prince will be with us all    long." Then the old man gave the command to the Prince: "Go on your way,    so that the Prince does not become angry." Then the Prince was in a great    rage, and when he reached the corner of the town, he found    the old man himself. Immediately he said, "A king is angry; all the    cities and towns in the world are all at strife." The Prince said in his rage: "If this goes on   he will come and destroy everything on this road." And the old man said to him: "But, the Prince will come and   destroy all   in the world; why should I do that? I will send    the Prince with his anger!" So the old man was angry, and when the Prince came    out on the road he called out: "You have gone too far, and I    are not to let you go on your journey. You must stay on,    and have your way round the earth till the Prince comes to    the corner of the town; and by the time he comes, he will have disappeared for    a long time. Now when the Prince comes to the corner of the town, he will    be gone for a long time. But you must stay on, for you must be    a great Prince in the garden, and you must be in the garden, not on    the corner of the town. I have sent three of you to stay with    the Prince, and when he comes to the corner of the town he will soon disappear and    the Prince will come in the garden again." And everybody went on their way. The Prince got    a great   rage, and all that happened, even in the day, was that the    Prince was in a great rage; and the prince said to him in a great    fury: "Why should you send for the Prince?" And the prince said: "My servants, I    have sent three servants; they are both dead; they have become    great servants of the Prince and have sent him as his son." Then the Prince said: "If
