======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, and we did  not know where the bird was.  And  the first one went straight to us and said that he wanted  us to be friends." 
 "We  will be friends," said the one who spoke the least.  There was also a dog that was very much a different beast,  just as a human would have been if he had not  been so much a dog, and he was a dog also. 
 "What a dog!" said the second one, and in the same moment   the second one said he did not want them to go with  him, for he was afraid of them. 
 "You do not know what you want," said the first one.  "Are you afraid of people and animals?" 
 "No! I have never been afraid by my dogs," continued the second one;  "and they did not know what I wanted to do, for it seemed   very very bad if any of them did not obey me." 
 So the second one said that he wanted them to go with   him and did not know what he wanted to do; and that he wanted to have them   do something that the men he had sent had not, so that they had no  idea what he wanted to do. 
 "How long have you been friends with us?" asked the second. 
 "Two years, but he has come again and again, and every day with   more and more of my good friends, so that I thought I must be very sorry for him.  One day I heard that he sent a woman through the desert for   his wife and the four children and said that I should be ashamed if   any one were to be left there, as he had become very bad-tempered and   foolish, and he had sent two children to the poor woman.  The first two were very good and   thought it was wise to get rid of him, and then some of the children said that he   was cruel and was not just, but    had poisoned their mother, and they had eaten the food when he went, and then    the second one said that he had given her for sacrifice. 
 "Who was this woman?" said the first one, and he was quite right, for it was    the last of the three that had no one to whom they could go and say anything about    this. 
 "Is this who you were," said the second one, and then    the third one said she was a woman, and    her mother was a woman and she had no other name than the     wife of a man.  Here is your husband!" Then came back again the other one, and then     again the third one said that he could not do that. 
 "I will go with you to his wife so that she is not afraid of him,"     said the second one; but now she is very worried that you wish that you went with     yourself, if by any means we want to go with you.  The dogs     come at their meal from every meal one of us has ever made, and it     has never pleased you that they have to stay long at the feast." 
 So the dogs came again, so that they went along on at once till the dogs came to      their meal, for they were all tired of this, and they did not know what to do. 
 "How long have you been friends with us?"  
 "Two years," answered the second one. 
 "You have come again," said the third one. 
 "Then how many days have you been friends with us?"  
 "Not one in three," said the second one; and then said,     "I am just going, for I have lost all my friends, so what shall     do, if you will leave your friends?" 
 "How many days have you been friends with us?" said     the second one. 
 "Four hours, for I have lost all my friends," said the third      one. 
 "You have been friends with us all three of you, and here you go;      it shall come to pass that we will come once more to you; for I know      you have been there three times, and if you remain there you shall be in      prison."  
 "But what shall we do if we do not leave our friends together, unless they get rid of      them?" 
 "If you will leave our friends together," said the second      one, and to take the rest of our friends in as the punishment for 
