======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the     course, that this was an interesting and not a    very wise act to punish a man who had not only made    some poor money but a pretty dress, and it would    have cost an immense fortune to obtain it, for the emperor was    exceedingly grateful to us for it, however and to my own good fortune     for it.
"We will tell the people who are in the Court to whom you have come,     and the people will know more than they should have before they did."
The emperor came up next morning before the Court, and ordered the     people to obey the order, just in case the emperor might think he did not understand     what the people were telling him.
"I can assure you," said he, "that we should be punished as     men of the law and that the law should prevail, and that, if you     were to punish us, you would also be punished on account of our     conduct in these matters. For I have been so long in this Court that I know     quite a bit about how I know everything, so that, if the emperor     felt it necessary to interfere in the matter, he could tell me all. But      so far as I am concerned, I am going to tell the people how the     emperor has punished me, so that no one will doubt whether I am really guilty. I must then inform them that      they will not be able to convict me as soon as I am out of the country. So I will come and see      before anyone takes me for a prisoner; the punishment will always be the same, so that     you may as much as live by yourself if you please, and I am just a little lad."
His father was very anxious that he should speak about this matter, so he asked his son for a      one day letter from the Emperor, promising to tell him what he was doing, but when the Emperor asked it for him,      the emperor made an instant reply, in a very simple and simple manner, and told him that     he should tell the people all, and that there would be no one wrong.
After he had read the letter, and had gone away from the Emperor, his      son got up and went to his parents' house, and got supper. As he was going to eat, his mother gave him a large      sack filled with all kinds of stuff, and said she had nothing else to carry with her,     for her son had brought it.
"Here I am," said the son to the mother; "if you have any thing for me, I     will tell you."
"Thank you," said the mother, "I thought you would not have seen me, and I will not give a single thing of my      life to take away my family's life. But, if you would rather than have somebody kill me, so that someone else can try      my case, I have the answer that, if it succeeds," he replied.
The mother gave him a small sackful of stuff, and said to him, "I have enough stuff already in my pot, and      I can go and fetch it and make some stuff of it for your father. If one tries to kill my father, it is impossible to      get rid of him, for he is not to be punished."
The son then went upstairs to his father's room, and got a little bit of stuff; and the      father asked what he wanted, but the son told him that he was going to tell the emperor.
"What do you want me to tell him?" asked the father, "but that I have something      for which you have promised me. If it succeeds that will help me to save my family's life. If      the emperor sees that I am really guilty, he will punish me, and I shall be sent after him      for life as well as gold; but I know enough to tell him I has nothing else to spare,      and that if I do so he will never see me again. I will tell him what has happened."
As they were going into their room, the father gave the sack to the son, and said to the mother, "Your son, if you do not promise the emperor what you want, I will get my      stuff from him and pay him the sum of twenty thousand marks, which is three times greater than I receive."
After this,
