======== SAMPLE 1 ========

"You must know the law,"  his father said to the boy.
"Oh, and don't let anything out of your sight!"
"Oh, and not what you see?  you must see it! you must know it!"
"But you say it, your father!"
"Oh, and you must know your  mistake!"
"Aye!" cried the boy, "if you are such a fool  as to think that a person with such an  evil mind would want to see you; but it's  not a mind that a man can wish to know! for he  is quite good!"
"No, it's not a mind," cried the boy, "but I think a  great deal of you as well!"
"Aye," cried the father, "you must not say a word."
At last the boy and the father said:
"Well! If you have a mind of this, make  it so as to be able to see all; and do not wait  until your day comes, and then let yourself  be the witness that a great misfortune is coming  upon you!"
At this moment the father had the youngest son in  the room, and the only witness was the old  woman who had given him bread so that he might eat, but  that too fast was no proof. He said:
"I had not heard what you were saying,  but as for the others, you said it!"
"What will you show me?" asked the father    so quickly that he couldn't give him back what he said to me.
"You must see this!" he said, "when you have a  heart like these that is full of mercy."
When the father saw the little boy was lying,  he cried: "You cannot be so sad as here!"
"I could not save you; and if he were of these  kind, and even if he were of this description he lived  like  life!" asked the little boy.
The father saw the father, the mother, and,    then, as if a thousand times, the three children ran away to   the old man, and crying:
"Please, father, take me with you; and let me    go with you."
He went away with the two and their parents. Then the father    was so mad that he could not bear to leave him.
When    he heard the other children run away, he said:
"Why should you have to leave? but let me    go with you."
So when he reached the old man he went up to him, and    put on his shoes, and told him what he said, and the old man told him     to be very happy, and said:
"Tell me, daddy; I'll do your bidding,     and get back to being you."
The children started to run into the forest in their     parents' name. Then he said to the     old woman:
"Don't leave, child, but let me      get back to you, but let me go with you."
So he ran through the forest, and the children got     back to their parents. Then the father went away to the old man     and the mother said:
"If you don't tell     the old man what he is to say, please come with us     and we will see what we should do."
So the day had come when the children     started to run in the forest, and the father said:
"If you don't tell me what he is     to say, my children, let the mother bring you!"
So he took the oldest, his first born, and     the youngest, and went off to find the children.
He told him what he promised:
"You must stay with me; and if you are     to return, say:
"Tell me the reason I cannot go with you.  Tell me the reason that I cannot get     from you!"
The children did not believe him,     and ran away from him again. In the meantime     they began to run away, and the people took possession     of them, and began to rob the place.
There was no longer any one left to live, and     nobody could come in and rob the place, and if one had, there     was no one for him to go in.
But they brought him back so that he could go home with     the children, and they took him back with them too.
The youngest ran after him again, until he could get home,
