======== SAMPLE 1 ========
Æs like a fine woman to look at.Æ
But it was the same as the sunùhe, too, looked like a girl of the same appearance.
<NEWSTORY>
French folktales - A fairy fairy fairy tale

One day, whilst in the midst of an evening play, the sun-set was going on in the east till a dark cloud approached it and the moon, coming out in front, was shining. The poor woman said, "O, you poor child! I have a young child who is so beautiful and so beautiful that I should like to give her three weeks more to stay with me before, so that I may know what is in her. Ah! what the devil is doing! You cannot have her," and said to her, æI will not kill her at all!"
"Goody-goody," said the little woman,ùshe begged, "can't you get rid of her? I shall be sure to help her to get a piece, if any one of you would."
The little princess, with tears in her eyes, took the child and helped him to his motherÆs grave. æNow, IÆll help you, æas you may," said she.
The sun-worshipped and cried, æHelp me, my heart!" and gave the little girl his handkerchief, which she put into the back of her handkerchief, but that she never did so. The sun, however, kept its distance, and the little fairy was no more, and went back to the sun-worshipping house.
When the summer was so dry for the time, the great snow melted, so that the little fairy was soon as thin as a hair, and without the hair's strength or power, she grew pale and tired; and, as she fell, the snow fell upon her head, but now her eyes were no longer shining. The little fairy felt at once terrified at her being frightened, and said to her, "Mother, how can you say so, ùin such a way and so suddenly that all night long will be like a shower?ö
The little fairy looked at her, and when she looked at her face, the snow covered her face, and her eyes were filled with tears. She said to her, "Mother, do you think I may help you, if, mother, if you have a heart of heart, you will take her into my house in the name of your holy bride?ö
The little fairy thought that she would have no trouble about it, and told her mother to let her in, as soon as she got a piece of her.
When the woman was all at home again, she asked for her little fairy, but nothing could come that day. She did not tell her mother that she was in trouble, for the little fairy told her not to tell the little fairy at all, but was afraid of a storm, because she had a headache from the wind; and that she should go out by the road, at all events, and see her little fairy sitting with her arms around her.
When she saw the little fairy in the house again as a piece were to be given her, the little fairy exclaimed, æHow beautiful, sweetheart, how delightful!Æ and went inside the house.
She stood in a corner and asked where the little fairy sat; and the little fairy was just when she thought she heard the little fairy say, æI have just arrived in this house, in a few minutesùthere are many little fairys in the house!Æ and then she went in and saw the little fairy sit in a corner.
"Why does she have to lie to get away, dear little fairy; what will she do with the pieces of her piece I give her?" The little fairy was so full of pride that she sat in a corner in her heart and said, "ÆI think I have been deceived myself, æand I will gladly let you in the houseöùùand see what you find!ö
"What should I do, dear little fairy?Æ the little fairy said, "I will go and buy a little piece of my fairy-tale.ö
She opened her door, for as it was she went in, but saw that the room was in a great room, called the Great Fairy's House, for on the front door stood two golden candelabra which shone so bright. It was so beautiful that she was full of joy.
"Oh, how I will enjoy this, sweet maiden," said she, Æwhat would I do about you?ö she answered, "I will go and have a little look at your fairy-tale.ö
Then the little fairy said to the fairy whom she had been listening to, æFather, my little fairy, it is quite too
