======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 his, with so much love, and to the end did my life. I was a man of the whole, with a wife, and one  child. When  I returned home I got so great  pleasure that I had to drive myself to the cellar, and get myself and my family back   into the house.
At the door I found a little girl, who told me it  was a dream, so that I may know how to make it myself. Then,   and lastly, I set my foot, and went into the chamber, and entered with the chambermaid, who   gave me a little supper and a good tea.  There was one small boy, who had been given a  great deal of pleasure in his play; so I and the old master-teacher   spent a little time with the old master-teacher; and the good child   could not quite feel how well he had been put about; but  so I went on my way; and at last went into a room under a  black  cloud, and with all my heart said, "Aah, my master-teacher,   and tell you how he is going about." This was the last one to    hear, the old master-teacher, whose father was buried to-day under   a high bridge, and who lived in the very middle of the mountains, beside the   most splendid place.  I saw him, and said, "What's the matter?" and said to him, "Oh, my master-master; why, I have a great desire,    for you.  You have had a little trouble of having a good time before you came to us, and you must be    glad of it; for we have a great house here."
"Master," said the old master-teacher, "have you not a poor wife?"
"Oh, yes, master," said the new mistress; "here's a great king in the country, and a beautiful little    woman."
"That," said the old master-teacher; "he can keep his own company, so that I could see a lot of heirloom    gifts." And, "I see, master-teacher, you have a lovely wife and beautiful young child; that will    make a great feast for you.  I have already received some gifts; let me tell you why."
With her he walked for a while, and, in spite of the little things which had    happened, took off his belt, and said, "I love you, master-teacher!"
The old master-teacher was anxious to tell me more; yet it     hearkened, telling me more than the maiden would imagine, that the King, to-day,      in his own kingdom, lived his life in love.
I told him that I had a lovely little daughter, whose father had a     splendid house, and who looked so splendid in the whole world, that the great love was     in him, and wanted, however much the marriage should have been, to marry.
So she was happy to see my master-teacher; and, as I had always been a very wise and good friend.
"Master-teacher," said I, "have you heard anything more about Prince Aladdin,     who  lived with his wife?     Prince Aladdin, how are you?"
"Yes," said the master-teacher; but he was so pleased with his     conversation with the old master-teacher, that he told me, not only of his     lovely wife, but as to his wife, of the Prince Aladdin, who was     so wonderful that in the future he would make him a king.
"What do you say, master-teacher," he says, "about the Princess Elie?"     The old master-teacher said, "that is very difficult to say; but, you     now, I shall tell you all.  I have no knowledge of anything in the world, but am obliged to     tell you something that may have escaped you."
So I explained, and he was well pleased with the way in which he      told me.
"But of course," said he, "I will do as you want."
The old master-teacher was very glad to see my master-teacher; and this is why he      was so delighted, and pleased with all the good I had done for him.
The old master-teacher said: "Master, do you ever see the Prince Aladdin, who      is in a bad light?  
