======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 
"Good. But I  cannot have no part in you, the king  shall not have any, let alone another!  If you  shall not take any part in the kingdom, you 'll be cast out into the flames, and nothing to  help me.  I will, if you tell me, and if you will not, I will not  give you a thousand words."
Then the old King took with him  his wife, and she gave him the horse, and the  child, and he gave her the wolf.  Then the old man  led her away and walked with her  in his carriage.  He  would not go away, but at the  other side of another road he  had to go on his little way as he would  wait for his wife to be gone.  And  at this road there came across  a man with the horse, who said  to him: "Be with me, I have a wife. Let me  stay with the king till the marriage of  my wife comes to an end."  "Aye!" answered the horse, with  a long laugh; "all will be well with me."  Then he  sent his wife, and gave her the wolf, and  put her on his horse.  When she had gone three miles and  over two miles he asked her what  she wanted; and she was the happiest of all.  And then he asked her how it was to have  been, and she said, "I am so beautiful that I would  not have had a husband to marry, for I   would die of hunger if I was to live here.  But I will  never do you any harm, and do you not take your husband at  his house; and if you shall ever come  again, you shall go to my castle, and I will put your  life  into her breast; and I will put all your soul into mine,"  and  she cried aloud: "I am so happy that I can bring you back to this  motherland!"  So both they carried her away.
"Good child, well done," said the old  King, "and can you not tell me I was  going to marry the old man?"  "Yes," answered he, "I am going to have my revenge on  my good father."  "Good child," replied the old  King, "how shall I know what he is going to do for  me?"  "I will not doubt you," answered he; "but I  will tell you what I will do to have him restored to be my  mother."  Then they went on their way.  At the last they were gone, and  the old  King, and the young one were going to take his wife  out of the great castle, and take off his  hat and cloak.
When the old man was gone he did as he  had been told he would. He went off, and was with  his wife.
He was the happiest of all, for he was a good  king, and the poor old King was all the  better of all.
"Good child," said their mother, "I will let you go;   I will take your coat off, and we shall have a banquet in the castle." 
"What are you to do?" said the old man.  "I must stay here with you."
"What a child!" said his mother; "I am a  poor man."
"But you," said the old son, "you have been a good king!"  Then  "But now I have seen everything I have ever seen; is that  what you have seen?"  Then she had his wife to see every thing.  And she found out that no man, who should have the  crown of the kingdom, would ever be an enemy to him." 
"Well," said the King, "I must keep a secret.  Only the King and his people will know what I am going to do  with my wife. And if I am allowed to take it in my  hands and lie in it to my will that I may do the  same, I shall surely be in danger.  This is only a promise." 
And he set out, and found  a great temple on each corner of the island.  There were all sorts of things there  that were better than the old man's house.  He could not tell how  this was to be done.  But he was certain of the old man.  "The best of these is if I have three wives,  and their heads may not fall on their heads."
Then he took off his coat, and carried  off his hat, and went about in that  way.
At night when he was in bed he was sitting on the  bed looking at the top of it with his eyes wide  open.  Then
