======== SAMPLE 1 ========
huner's body" in the courtyard, as she carried his body by the  shoulders to the  altar, where the young  witch was sitting. In the courtyard, though empty, was a beautiful  tree, and in the church, the priest had two  young children, one of whom sat and sang  at her altar. When the  young witch asked why she had been  absent, her young husband answered, "I  did not hear your call, but I did not  think this morning of that woman at home who will  weep for our mother." So they went out of the Court  and the little witch became a pretty girl, but the old  priest, having given her her  wife's name and she was not so old as the witch  who had sent him the letters, determined by chance that  they should meet at the wedding-day.
Soon afterwards, when the young witches had gathered  for supper, and the priest looked at her on the floor and said, "  "Don  you wish to be married to this old mother of mine?  Don  you wish to enter the house of my beloved   my dear wife; you have already seen and understood all this   which has I learned, and the whole world   has known about it." So he took her as his bride.
The bride, not knowing that she was a true witch,  and with her husband, had to take her.
The next day, however, was the wedding-day,  when the young women were to be  married to one another.  This time when the old mother of my   wife had disappeared she was to be  married to one another as if she had never happened.  This was the custom all   of the old Irish countries.
One day, however, when the bride was  about to give a wedding-dress, when her child   came out, she and her husband were to have the   bride come and marry her, which, if she were able, would   ruin their marriage.  But as there was no one in Ireland who could   understand how she knew how she loved me, the little mother in   "the house of my beloved" put the little  girl's head and shoulders together and set her free,   in exchange for the  bride's consent.
So the  bride lost both her head and the shoulders   to the fire, while the little daughter, who was still   at home, fell upon the ground and begged her father to   take her as his daughter.  For the girl did not know how she   knew how she would get into the house   of her dear husband, nor how she could get out of the   house of her dear husband if she had   to suffer for her husband's wife. 
But when the little daughter was about to give the   bride a blow, and put a hand in the mouth of her   husband's daughter's cheek, to which she was so earnest   that she answered that she could not bear to cause the little child    to be killed. 
So the little daughter put on a crown-wearing gown and said,   "My dear dear husband, I have been so faithful to your   husband that I had to do as you   asked."
"Is there an answer to your question?"    "I think I have the answer; because I   want you all to lose your lives."  "All the people of Ireland who can speak    English   can speak Irish, because my dear children have    my head in the kitchen of the kitchen-wife of    my dear mother.    "I love the people and will bear my sorrow and my    distress for you."
So the little child, seeing that a bride was dead,    and with the husband and the child dead, and being    unable to get in the door of the little house, but at the    expense of her husband, begged her father to take her as his    daughter.  

   The old mother and her children never left the hallways     at noon, but the little witch took them and hid them together in the     hallways, in secret, at the head of their beds, and set     them on her own grave-stones, in the hands of     her husband.    Then she took her daughter for the     little girl and placed her on the     floor, and on the bed of her bed, and placed her face     within the bed of her bed.      And when the little child had disappeared from the room,      her parents had her bury her and her husband,    
