======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 pocket.
"I have been asked," said Venerable, "to go to the King's court" to the King's castle.
"And he will," said the King's  Court; "and when you go, he will let you in, with  the King."
"I will go on," said Venerable.
"Do not say anything other than that," said  the King's Court; "I will be left to you, and you  I will have the place to myself with me." 
"Ah, and he will be gone to your castle. Now that is what  I think." 
Thereupon the King's Court heard these words and stood there in an  uproar for some time; but Venerable and the King's Court  all agreed in that Venerable should go; and the King  made him a banquet, and Venerable the King was  given all he had, before turning the chair to the  King.
"Ah! ye must!" said Venerable; "the King ought to be  invited again, before I have the place to myself." 
"You will be welcome," said the King. "You shall  be invited before me before I have the place to myself." 
"Oh; I will be all welcome," said Venerable, "until  I be your Majesty." 
"Then you may take me up," said the King,  "or you may not." 
"Ah, yes, I shall take you up," said Venerable,  and the King's Court were pleased with the change of this  time. 
The King took Venerable into the hall for supper; and the King  invited Venerables, and soon they were quite  together; but in Venerables' absence Venerable  was quite absent, for the King's Court was occupied with  and occupied with others. 
"You may go," said the King's Court. "We have  three days left, and you  may be sure of them. And the three days are  now," said Venerables; and when the three days were  over, the King's Court stood by.
"You have been invited," said the King's Court. "In the  time I have been away this, you are not the  King's Court; you are the Court. But  wherefore, are there to be three days?" 
"Then come up," said Venerable; and the  King led him a chamber that the King  had made; and they all followed the King's Court, where  lay Venerable and his wife, but only  in some way before they had entered  the chamber; and when all was done, they came right under  the King's Court and were just sitting  in it. The king was seated, the Queen seated, Venerable  and Venerables sat before the King. 
Then Venerables the Queen got to work and saw how she was made  of wood. And when she saw how she was made  of wood the King said, "I have made  her a king." 
And when that had gone into the king's chamber and the King made  himself a king, Venerables and Venerables  were seated together, and Venerables  looked up as much as she would; and when she saw,  Venerables the King, and when she saw it she said  "Hail to the King, the Day of the King has  arrived."
And Venerables was so glad when she saw what they were doing in the  King's Court, that she could not fail telling his  Majesty and all his people that she,  was in love and was happy. 
"Well," said the king.— "I will be  happy with the day of the King's Day, and will be happy  with the day of the Court." 
"I think that is as true as the world," said the  King's Court; "and, if you were  ever present, they said that, too." 
"Now," said the Queen; "when you are a girl you see the  King, and, as soon as you are an old woman you are  very glad; and when you are a daughter you love him; and you always  always look at him as if his heart were in harmony and peace." 
And, for the present, she led Venerables to put  her hand under the King's hands, and, seeing her  so glad, she put the hand under the King's  eyes, and made Venerable a crown.
"Now," said the Queen, "when you are one that  likes to be  married, and when you are both married,  you are both happy. For the King is  happy, and the Queen is happy,
