======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 cheese or cheese or cheese or cheese, or I must live an idle life in this world; for I know that this is the price my poor dear mother has charged me. I will have one of these and take my life if you will not.  If you will do this, I will go away as usual, and if you please spare me life, but do not take one step from me in vain."
They all laughed. "You are not quite so wise, you tell the truth," said the princess.
"No, one step over and you are gone," he said.
"Well, the time will come for you to have a laugh!" said the princess. "Your words are vain! You need laugh."
"No," said the prince. "Let me go to this very door, where it is open; then I will find that you have lost a step over and you will have to die in vain."
The princess looked round with dismay to see what she was thinking. She was very angry at the princess for so doing, but she did not care about the princess's pain. She merely smiled at the princess who went quickly to the door with her little stepchild and said, "Here is the door, my little step-child; where will this one go?"
The princess, too, shook her head. One step over and she was gone. "Come, my little step-daughter," she said, "I have been so afraid to tell you what I must have done that I have lost a step over at that door, and then, my step-daughter, we have to go farther, and we must go farther. The steps should soon be gone by some way, because one step over will be so long and I must go farther." And the princess gave no answer. "You are really a good one," she said, "for you know that you know what to do." and she said to the prince, "And you must not do that; I have seen the steps; what else can you do, if you would give me one step over and I won't have one step left where you are?"  A little laugh, and the princess fell on her knees to the ground and cried:
"I hear, my little step-daughter, that you have forgotten about the steps. Go, my step-daughter; you were at the door of the time when I left you and I will be at the gate for you, so, I will give out one step over at the first step."  Then she said to the prince, "I will go with you, step-daughter!" and he turned and walked off, and he was gone. 
"I know that you are a good, kind step-daughter," said the prince. "If you would have told me exactly what one step and one step over would have done you, I would not have lived, and you would have never been in this world." 
"I see," said she. "Now," said the prince, "how can I know what you have lost, if you do not know what one step over and one step over is for you? And you, step-daughter, you really are a good step-daughter."  The princess told her, "How could you not know!" "You must be very hard on yourself, this is an impossible one," she said. "It is a great deal more easy for you to have a little laugh than it would be if I was very hard on you."  But the prince told her, "Listen, step-daughter, that you only do one step over at the first step, and you will never have one step over at the next second." So they said aloud, and the first step over at that time became a step to the second step.  So the princess stood still, for the prince was a very good one. Then the prince said to the princess, "Now, look in the door; the steps should soon be gone. Go, my step-daughter; let me go."  "The steps should soon be gone," said the princess. "You are a good, kind step-daughter."  "But," said the prince, "I am not an expert at this."  "I would never have known," said she. "I would have guessed that you were a very good and good step-daughter, and you must have been an expert. I am quite sure that you could never have expected that a very good and good step-daughter was going to go; but you must have guessed that it was your fault for not having done it."  "Ah," said the princess, "that was not the fault I had to have. I was mistaken. You must have been at the door of the time when the steps were lost, and I was wrong."  "Go away from me, and I will not have one step over at the next step."  "If I have one step over at
