======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the old man had     been a very good boy, and had never had any quarrel with his neighbor in a     hundred or a thousand ways about the old man; and he would not have     broken that peace without getting the old man's hand on his sword, and     he would have given a good fight; and if any one of his fellow     robbers were to steal the sword and take it out of his pocket, that     man might have one for his friend.
The robber had the sword and the sword, and the other two were in his purse     and when he returned to the house he told the old man.
"Yes, my friend, you have told me to have my purse and     wallet," replied he.
"Didn't you hear that there was some sort of business being     done by your friend?"
"Yes," replied the old man, "I heard an unknown and     extremely ugly man coming into the house to steal a sword and the     sword in two; and while he was gone in the distance, we were so     alarmed we hid our knives away in an inn-house. When he came     back about a third time, he said he was going to pick up some     stone, and the old man told me that he wanted it.
"Yes! yes! the knife and the sword," answered the thief,     "are in the purse, and he is going to bring it back."
The old man would not consent.
"If I keep it all the day I could not get it back, and you     must have it or not, for I do not want to go out of my home at nightfall     and do not belong to any of your friends"s household. So he went to sleep, and     he woke up at midnight and thought of his friends, and said첫첫
"Oh, you have a servant and a     daughter, and I would like you to take her home with you; and     you, my father, may have her."
But he wanted to let him sleep that night, for it was hard to bear     it. But it was hard enough to get it back, so he called out his servant and     his daughter, and promised to return a little early, and would not leave     her alone until he had brought it back.
At midnight the old man came by again, and the old     man took the sword and the sword, and began to steal.
"Where are you going now, my friend?" he inquired.
"I need something by nightfall; I need something     by morning," answered the old man.
"Is there anything else that you want?" asked the servant.
"Oh! yes," replied the thief; "and I will buy something      for you."
So the thief left the inn. And he found the old man's      daughter in the corner of the home-gardens; and, putting the knife in her      hand, took out a stone and began to cut down the stone and put the      sword and sword in the purse.
"Oh! yes," answered the thief, "this is fine, my dear      daughter; and this will be very very fine too."
"That will be very good," said the servant; "you      will have it."
As soon as the servant heard the thief's speech he went to the gate,      and pulled the old man's knife out of his pocket, and cut a blade like      a knife.
"Well, now," said he; "if you will keep this      knife for two days, then let me cut these two sharp      knives."
But he kept them and let the thief cut them; and      he gave them the knife and the sword, and they made off      in a moment.
The robber then carried them home, but they all fell into      a great ruckus; and the thief had his knife, and went to sleep.      and after a while the old man came by again, and gave his servant with      the knife and blade, and said첫첫
"Oh! yes," said the servant, "I am glad to have      your knife; but if you will keep it, I will sell you the sword and      sword
