======== SAMPLE 1 ========
    him a-bawling, but that was not in my opinion; I     had not heard of it in the old country people, and he     thought it was a little strange how the people could tell him      what to do.
To    him this was very interesting! "I think so!"      and he was very much pleased with that.
It seemed to me that he was quite at home in his own country,      where it    wasn't in his own place.
He wanted to be a part of the team; and so he decided he would      have it by chance, that if the ball ever came to him he should come      to my house by the side of the pond, and then he might sit     in it, and maybe make a little joke!ùhe could sit there,     and talk on it, and I don't even think there was a coach in     the house, but what about the other ones? So they were all     so very much fun to look at.
At last, in a moment that made his happiness come into sharp relief,     he sat down as before and began to eat bread and butter;     and then at last he sat down and began to think.
"Oh! I wish I could look at the way down to the bottom of the pond!"     he thought.
"It's an easy thing to do!" said the dog; "if you don't     have enough in it to do, you can just cut bread out of it, and     let it sit a little while. But I don't know much about it besides the     things in my house; I wonder if I'm ever going to be able to make them a      pot!"
So he went out and he did it, and then the dog came up to him and      shook his head and told him what had happened.
"There he was!" said he, "he had one of these little      pots and had three-four-twenty with him which sat up in the bottom of the pond. And      now when I look at them, it is pretty well-made and is made of good stone. The      pots are all right on their own, and I think that I can do them well."
"Good heavens!" said the dog; "but let's go and fetch some."
So he went after the two pots with the three bottles      and found the little pot in which he had left it; so he set off to look at it,      and then he sat down down, and it was all very very pretty, and in his hand      was a large pocketful of money; when he pulled it out he found a large purse,      and a ring on there which was a very good one, for his wife loved him so      that she couldn't help him now, so she took it and got his money.
He ran off to the other side of the pond, where he saw the coach and      the coach and the coach, and thought he had seen the coach just as      he had seen the coach, but had just gone on and not reached the bottom. So      he came up again and took his belt and began to carry the little purse      on and on. He was so happy for such a long time that he hardly said a word about it.      then he stopped and thought and stopped, and sat back down to see if he could      take it as far as he could, and see if it was a coach or not. Sometimes      it wouldn't fit at all, so he thought he could just do it. When      he could get it he said, "Take it to your house and see if it is any coach." And      he put it on, and ran off in the coach, and off they went.
They were very merry on the way. They called out to the coach      and the coach, and the coach ran off at full gallop, and so they      ran on till they reached the water.
At last the dog could get a grip on it, and then ran off till the      grass was a little red, and the dog could't tell any of it.
They followed after this, the coach running off till the next  
