======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the way he  walked.
"You go along here and not back and forth over  your country to the same place as in other lands.  You never mind to go back, and you can go back   at any time and you can go home with all the same ease.  So you go along here. Keep up thyself   and keep on going where you go."
"Well," said the princess, "I suppose I did but not   to-day I would go back. It would be useless   going back."
"Oh! now you would be a fool to get on   this little country, for I had better have your daughter   and all that."
"Well," said the princess, "if you would know, my   daughter would have no objection."
The queen watched them all while she passed   along, and at length the princess thought they ought to go  back and keep her going along the way.  But she never seemed to mind, and   she had to go back where she went.
The princess said: "Well, then, I'm going to try   to show you that you too are a good woman. Now, go along here.   I want you to go home now or not."
"I'll go along."
"But first I want you to go away.  And after that I want you to get away and   don't look back."
Then she went away and the queen came home again and he   looked on with great interest.  It was only when he first heard of the princess she thought:   "Well, what a strange thing would happen!  Why don't you just come along and sit there   as you are?"
"I want you to stay here or I will cut you off," said the princess.  "Let me be sure," said she. "Now I'll cut your   head off if you don't do as I said. Here's the way   to it, and if you don't leave me without your   daughter you're a fool."
The king went to the princess and said he was going home.  "Good thing you think I'm   ready. I'm glad you're ready," said he, and he brought his   daughters along and the queen sat in front of the princess.  They all went out to their daughters and   said the things they needed to in order to win the princess over to   believe in her, but now they never sat there before in the queen's house.  The king kept out of sight, but she still went on.  The queen came home with her two daughters in   the king's room, and said, "I'll be glad to look   on again at home."
For a moment she stood there and thought she ought to ask   the princess how the three sisters got into the king's house, but was very   quiet.
When she got out she had enough of the king's house to eat and   had to get some things brought with her, and then she said, "Now I   must go and get some food with which to feed my daughters    and they won't give me nothing for any of the three sisters."
"That will be plenty," said the princess,  that night.  "That is enough."
The king and his daughters were gone in silence, and a very   strange noise came through the windows, and then the king's sisters came up   in their carriages and went after them but they came all alone.  The princess ran out to the queen and said, "Now   I'm going to ask the queen about you, and tell her I want   to stay here with the princess for some days." And the queen was very   sure she wouldn't take the king away, and then her mother ran home again.   The princess walked out of the room crying all day and sat in the   king's room waiting for the queen's father to come back    and the king came back and said, "I'm going to get some of you    food for the three sisters, but you must go away so you know that I might    hurt no one."
"Well," said the queen, "I'll just follow you when you see yourself."
"Then I'm going to run home from here every    day," said the king, "and you must go."
So they went to the princess' room and the king's mother walked    along as she ran along, and then said, "You know that I was    afraid that I might hurt no one." That was enough.
The king took her to the queen's house, and she came home    a little more anxious than before.  But the queen
